I’m afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing?In case they get a hole in one!
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera.
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common?They’re both Paris sites.
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products? A satisfactory.
Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.
What did one wall say to the other? I’ll meet you at the corner.
Where do fruits go on vacation?Pear-is!
What’s the best thing about Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus.
What does a sprinter eat before a race? Nothing, they fast!
What has more letters than the alphabet? The post office!
What do you call a poor Santa Claus? St. Nickel-less. %%Christmas
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up. %%Food
I don’t trust stairs. They’re always up to something.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it! %Food
Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here! I’m going on ahead.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone? Yellow! %%Food
Why can’t a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
What kind of car does an egg drive? A yolkswagen. %%Food
How do you make 7 even? Take away the s.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up. %Food
What do you call an angry carrot? A steamed veggie. %%Food
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems! %%School
What do you call cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese. %%Food
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
What country’s capital is growing the fastest? Ireland. Every day it’s Dublin.
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it. %%Food
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
I’m reading a book about anti-gravity. It’s impossible to put down!
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the ’no-bell’ prize.
I’ve got a great joke about construction, but I’m still working on it.
I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me.
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!
You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
What do you call an elephant that doesn’t matter? An irrelephant. %%Animal
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn’t like it.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. %%Food
What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.
What do you call a pony with a sore throat? A little hoarse. %%Animal
Mountains aren’t just funny. They’re hill areas.
How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh? Nothing, it’s on the house. %%Christmas
What’s a robot’s favorite snack? Computer chips. %%Food
Why are piggy banks so wise? They’re filled with common cents.
How do you get a good price on a sled? You have toboggan. %%Winter
Where do young trees go to learn? Elementree school %%School
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it’s tearable.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it’s a little cheesy. %%Food
Don’t trust atoms. They make up everything!
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
I don’t play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I’m just doing it for kicks! %%Sports
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
Did you hear about the fire at the shoe factory? Unfortunately, many soles were lost.
What do you call a pig who knows how to use a knife? A pork chop. %%Food
Why did the pony ask for a glass of water? Because it was a little horse. %%Animal
How many apples can you grow on a tree? All of them. %%Food
What do kids play when they have nothing else to do? Bored games.
What kind of music do elves listen to? Wrap music. %%Christmas
What does cake and baseball have in common? They both need a batter. %%Sports
When does Friday come before Thursday? In the dictionary.
How can you tell if a pig is hot? It’s bacon. %%Food
What do you call a rude cow? Beef jerky %%Animal
How do you get a squirrel’s attention? Act like a nut. %%Animal
Did you hear about the cat that ate a lemon? Now it’s a sour puss. %%Animal
What did one volcano say to the other? I lava you.
How do mice floss their teeth? With string cheese. %%Animal
How do you cook an alligator? With a croc-pot. %%Animal
What did the earthquake say when it was done? Sorry, my fault!
Why did the computer go to bed? It needed to crash.
What kind of bug can tell time? A clock-roach. %%Animal
What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener.
What do pigs use to clean up? Hogwash. %%Animal
What’s a pirate’s favorite letter? You’d think it’s the R, but it’s really the C. %%Pirate
When is a door not a door? When it’s ajar.
Did you hear about the broken guitar for sale? It comes with no strings attached.
Once I read a book about glue. I couldn’t put it down.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh. %%Animal
What should you do if you meet a giant? Use big words.
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef. %%Animal
What sits on the seabed and has anxiety? A nervous wreck.
What’s the best air to breathe if you want to be rich? Millionaire.
Why did the girl toss a clock out the window? She wanted to see time fly.
Where do armies belong? In your sleeves.
Where did the king put his armies? In his sleevies!
What did one plate say to another plate? Tonight, dinner’s on me.
What happens when doctors get frustrated? They lose their patients.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear. %%Animal
What invention allows us to see through walls? Windows.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot. %%Animal
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back. %%Sports
Why do nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
What kind of jewelry do rabbits wear? 14 carrot gold. %%Animal
Why can’t the pirate learn the alphabet? Because he kept getting lost at C. %%Pirate
What do you call a cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese! %%Food
How do celebrities keep cool? They have many fans.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee. %%Animal
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef. %%Animal
What do you call a happy cowboy? A jolly rancher.
Why shouldn’t you trust trees? They seem shady.
How do you fix a broken tomato? With tomato paste. %%Animal
What kind of music scares balloons? Pop music.
Why did the orange stop halfway across the road? It ran out of juice. %%Animal %%Cross the road
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling. %%Animal
How do you get an astronaut’s baby to stop crying? You rocket.
What do dogs and phones have in common? Both have collar ID. %%Animal
Why shouldn’t you play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs. %%Animal
What sounds like a sneeze and is made of leather? A shoe.
How do you stop a bull from charging? You cancel its credit card. %%Animal
Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems. %%School
Why are fish so smart? Because they swim in schools. %%School
Why did the employee get fired from the keyboard factory? He wasn’t putting in enough shifts.
Did you hear about the man who cut off his left leg? He’s all right now.
Did you hear the one about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
What kind of music should you listen to while fishing? Something catchy!
What do you call a girl in the middle of a tennis court? Annette. %%Sports
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing. It just waved. %%Beach
What did one wall say to the other? I’ll meet you at the corner.
Why did the nose feel sad? It was always getting picked on.
Did you hear about the cold dinner? It was chili. %%Food
Why did the deer go to the dentist? It had buck teeth. %%Animal
Why can’t you trust a balloon? It’s full of hot air.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere! %%Animal
Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll.
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well. %%Food
Where does a sheep go to get a haircut? The baa baa shop. %%Animal
What did the mama cow say to the baby cow? It’s pasture bed time. %%Animal
Why should you never use a dull pencil? Because it’s pointless.
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It was feeling crumby. %%Food
Where did the cat go after losing its tail? The retail store. %%Animal
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up. %%Food
What kind of sandals do frogs wear? Open-toad. %%Animal
What do you call a herd of sheep falling down a hill? A lambslide. %%Animal
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles. %%Animal
What do you call a potato wearing glasses? A spec-tater. %%Food
What do you call a moose with no name? Anonymoose. %%Food
Why did the ram run over the cliff? He didn’t see the ewe turn. %%Animal
Why did the picture go to jail? He was framed.
What is a calendar’s favorite food? Dates.
Why was the football stadium cold? There were too many fans. %Sports
Why do bananas wear sunscreen? Because they peel. %%Food
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs. %Animal
Why did the watch go on vacation? To unwind.
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together. %%Animal
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
Why did the computer get glasses? To improve its website.
What did the blanket say to the bed? I’ve got you covered.
What did the roof say to the shingle? The first one’s on the house.
What do you call birds that stick together? Velcrows %%Animal
Why did the duck fall on the sidewalk? He tripped on a quack. %%Animal
How do birds learn to fly? They wing it. %%Animal
Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts. %%Food
Did the hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road.
What kind of bird works on a construction site? A crane. %%Animal
What did one elevator say to the other elevator? I think I’m coming down with something.
What did the hamburger name its baby? Patty.
What type of music do the planets enjoy? Neptunes.
Why did the phone wear glasses? Because it lost all its contacts.
Why do bakers work so hard? Because they knead dough.
Why are fish so easy to weigh? Because they have their own set of scales.
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father-in-law.
What do you give a scientist with bad breath? Experi-mints.
What did Benjamin Franklin say when he discovered electricity? Nothing. He was too shocked.
What do you call a medieval lamp? A knight light.
What did one hat say to the other? You go on ahead.
Why did the frog take the bus to work? His car got toad.
What does an evil hen lay? Deviled eggs.
How can you tell the difference between a dog and tree? By their bark.
Why do dragons sleep during the day? Because they like to fight knights.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? It was outstanding in its field.
Did you hear about the 12-inch dog? It was a foot long.
Why did the baseball player get arrested? He stole third base.
What did one piece of tape say to the other? Let’s stick together.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
How does the rancher keep track of his cattle? With a cow-culator.
What do you call a shoe made out of a banana? A slipper.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
Can February March? No, but April May!
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to go spreading it!
Where do you learn to make ice cream? Sundae school.
What’s a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries
Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball.
What time do ducks wake up? At the quack of dawn.
Why was the broom late? It over-swept.
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
Where do books hide when they’re afraid? Under their covers.
How do trees get on the internet? They log in.
What does a painter do when he gets cold? Puts on another coat.
What did the calculator say to the pencil? You can count on me.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
What do you call two ducks and a cow? Quackers and milk.
What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs.
How did the farmer fix his torn overalls? With a cabbage patch.
How much money does a skunk have? Just one scent.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a fish? Swimming trunks.
What kind of cereal do leprechauns eat? Lucky Charms.
What do you call recently-married spiders? Newly-webs.
Where do crayons go on vacation? Color-ado.
What do you get when you cross a Smurf and a cow? Blue cheese.
What happens when ice cream gets angry? It has a meltdown.
What do you call a locomotive carrying bubble gum? A chew chew train.
How do you get a mouse to smile? Say cheese.
Why couldn’t the bike stand up on its own? It was too tired.
What do you call a sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop.
Why did the snowman buy a bag of carrots? He wanted to pick his nose.
What did the Dalmatian say after dinner? That hit the spot.
How do you know when a bike is thinking? You can see its wheels turning.
What does a librarian use to go fishing? A bookworm.
What did one leaf say to the other? I’m falling for you.
Where’s the one place you should never take your dog? A flea market.
How does Darth Vader like his bagels? On the dark side.
What do you call spaghetti in disguise? An impasta.
Why did the tailor get fired? He wasn’t a good fit.
Where do elephants store luggage? In a trunk.
Did you hear about the red and blue ships that collided? All the sailors were marooned.
My neighbor gave me a new roof for free. He said it was on the house.
Did you hear about the teenager who failed his driving test? He thought it was a crash course.
Where do surfers learn to surf? At boarding school.
A duck walks into a bar and buys everyone a round. He tells the bartender, Put it on my bill.
What has a spine but no bones? A book.
What do you call a wizard who’s good with ceramics? Harry Pottery.
Why did Marie Curie stop dating that guy? There was no chemistry.
Did you hear about the nurse who didn’t want to become a doctor? She didn’t have the patients.
Why did the tourist feel disappointed upon seeing the Liberty Bell? It wasn’t all it was cracked up to be.
How did Vikings communicate with one another? By Norse code.
How did Benjamin Franklin feel when he discovered electricity? He was shocked!
Which is the worst sport to play? Bad-minton.
Why don’t the other farm animals like playing basketball with pigs? They’re ball hogs.
How do ghosts stay in shape? They exorcise.
What do rabbits need after getting caught in the rain? A hare dryer.
Why did the coach put the frog in the outfield? He’s really good at catching flies.
What board game is popular in Prague? Czechers.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
Why didn’t the invisible man go to the dance? He didn’t have any body to take.
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut!
What did one candle say to the other? Do you want to go out tonight?
Why did the bed wear a disguise? It was undercover.
What do you call a boomerang that doesn’t come back? A stick.
What do you call a monster with a high IQ? Frank-Einstein.
Why was the Incredible Hulk so good at gardening? He had a green thumb.
What kind of music does a boulder like? Rock ‘n’ roll.
Why did the elephant quit his job? He was working for peanuts.
What did the shovel say to the sand? I really dig you!
What are the least expensive type of teeth? Buck teeth.
What would happen if you threw all the books in the ocean? It would cause a title wave.
Why did the queen go to the dentist? To get crowns on her teeth.
What’s the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy.
How did the pirate get his ship for so cheap? It was on sail.
Today my son asked me, Can I have a bookmark? I burst into tears — he’s 12 years old and still doesn’t know my name!
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they play golf? In case they get a hole in one.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bagels (bay gulls).
What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment but never in a thousand years? The letter M.
What’s the best kind of bird to work for at a construction company? A crane.
What did the T-Rex use to cut wood? A dino-saw.
I got fired from my job as a taxi driver. It turns out nobody thought I was fare.
What do you call a snake that loves building houses? A boa constructor.
Where do fish keep their money? In a river bank.
Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold, hard cash.
When does it rain money? When there is a change in the weather.
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common? They’re both Paris sites.
Why did the man get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
Whoever stole my depression medication — I hope you’re happy now.
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
What do you call a penguin in the White House? Lost.
What do you call a kangaroo’s lazy joey? A pouch potato.
What did the llama say to his date? Want to go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.
Did you hear that I’m reading a book about anti-gravity? It’s impossible to put down.
Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold.
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh.
What kind of noise does a witch’s vehicle make? Brrrroooom, brrroooom.
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What do you call a factory that makes OK products? A satisfactory.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out the closet? Supplies!
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison!
I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus, but geometry is where I draw the line.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
What kind of music do chiropractors like? Hip pop.
What has five toes and isn’t your foot? My foot.
What did the cannibal choose as his last meal? Five Guys.
Me: Go to bed, the cows are already asleep in the field. Son: So what? Me: It’s pasture bedtime.
What do you call a Frenchman in sandals? Philippe Philoppe.
I bought the world’s worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it’s terrible.
Why did the scarecrow get an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
What do you get if you cross an angry sheep with a moody cow? An animal that’s in a baaaaad mooood.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course! Buildings can’t jump.
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
My extra winter weight is finally gone. Now, I have spring rolls.
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the orange!
Did you hear that laughing too loudly is illegal in Hawaii? They only permit a-low-ha.
I hate my job — all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
Mom keeps asking why I have so much candy. She doesn’t know I always keep a few Twix up my sleeve.
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet — it was clogged.
If a pig loses its voice, does it become disgruntled?
I love dad jokes, but I don’t have kids, which makes me a Faux Pa.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet — I just don’t know y.
My dream job is to clean mirrors, because I can really see myself doing that.
I lost 25% of my roof last night...oof.
I don’t trust stairs. They’re always up to something.
RIP, boiling water. You will be mist.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted.
I’m so good at sleeping that I can do it with my eyes closed!
I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg.
Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
6:30 is my favorite time of day, hands down.
Whenever you get a bad sausage, it’s just the wurst.
My dog is a genius. I asked him, What’s two minus two? He said nothing.
I used to run a dating service for chickens, but I was struggling to make hens meet.
Mom texted me to say our Italian restaurant is out of pasta, and now we’re penneless.
Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
Most people can’t tell the difference between entomology and etymology. I can’t find the words for how much this bugs me.
A magician was walking down the street — then he turned into a store.
We’re renovating the house, and the first floor is going great, but the second floor is another story.
I’m reading an anti-gravity book, and I just can’t put it down!
At first, I thought my chiropractor wasn’t any good, but now I stand corrected.
My toddler is refusing to nap. He’s guilty of resisting a rest.
I used to be able to play piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands.
I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins — I couldn’t differentiate between them.
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me.
The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus but geometry is where I draw the line.
I was wondering why the baseball kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows — they’re making headlines!
My therapist told me I have problems expressing my emotions. Can’t say I’m surprised.
I was once a personal trainer, until I gave a too-weak notice.
I just paid $100 for a belt that doesn’t fit — what a huge waist!
I finally watched that documentary on clocks. It was about time.
Bigfoot is sometimes confused for Sasquatch — Yeti never complains.
Your mom and I let astrology get between us. It just Taurus apart.
A guy walked into a bar, and lost the limbo contest.
I wanted to eat a watch for lunch, but it was too time-consuming.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know what comes first.
It’s raining cats and dogs, so be careful not to step in a poodle.
I decided to sell the vacuum cleaner — it was just gathering dust!
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!
Mom says I have no sense of direction, so I packed my bags and right.
If money doesn’t grow on trees, then why do banks have branches?
Mom is mad at me because she asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it in the ocean.
I’d avoid the sushi if I were you — it’s a little fishy!
I can tell when you’re lying just by looking at you. I can also tell when you’re standing.
I was going to go on an expensive vacation with a classical pianist, but he was too baroque.
Mom asked me to put ketchup on the grocery list, and now I can’t read what else is on it.
Can anyone tell me what oblivious means, because I have no idea.
My friend couldn’t pay his water bill, so I sent him a get well soon card
Does anybody know where a dad can find a person to talk to and hang out with? Asking for a friend.
Lance isn’t that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot.
After dinner Mom asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it.
I want to name my puppies Rolex and Timex so I can have watch dogs.
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs.
What does a baby computer call its father? Data!
What’s green and has wheels? Grass! I lied about the wheels.
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores!
Why are pupils are the last part of your body to stop working when you die? They dilate!
What do you call a line of dads waiting to get haircuts? The barberqueue!
What do you call a beehive with no exit? Unbelievable!
What did the doctor say to the panicked man who was afraid he was shrinking? Settle down — you’ll have to learn to be a little patient!
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021!
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand Because a toothbrush works better!
What do you call a rude cow? Beef jerky!
What’s the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus!
Why are balloons so expensive? Inflation!
What is the most popular time for a dentist appointment? Tooth hurty!
Do you want to hear two short jokes and a long joke? Joke! Joke! Jooooooooooooooooke.
What do you call cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese!
Why can’t you send a duck to space? Because the bill would be astronomical!
What side of a tree grows the most branches? The outside!
What happened when the world’s tongue-twister champion got arrested? They gave him a tough sentence.
Why did an old man fall in a well? Because he couldn’t see that well!
Did you hear about that person who was afraid of jumping a hurdle? They got over it!
What do you call a fish with no eye? A fsh.
What breed of dog can jump higher than a skyscraper? Any breed of dog! Skyscrapers can’t jump.
Why are elevator jokes so good? They work on many levels!
Why are peppers the best at archery? Because they habanero!
What state is known for its tiny beverages? Minnesota!
Why did the computer get mad at the printer? Because it didn’t like its toner voice.
What did the three-legged dog say when he walked into a saloon? I’m looking for the man who shot my paw.
What’s the best way to watch a fly-fishing tournament? Live stream it!
Why did the broom decide to go to bed? It was very sweepy!
Why are nurses always running out of red crayons? Because they often have to draw blood!
Did you hear about the square that got into a car accident? Yeah, now he’s a rect-angle!
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad!
How do you tell the difference between a bull and a cow? It is either one or the utter.
What’s red and smells like blue paint? Red paint!
Why can’t you ever run through a campsite? You can only ran — it’s always past tents!
Why was the woman afraid for the calendar? She said its days were numbered!
Why is it hard to understand volunteers? Because they make no cents!
What did the police officer say to his belly-button? You’re under a vest!
What’s the easiest way to burn 1,000 calories? Leave the pizza in the oven!
What do you call a hippie’s wife? Mississippi!
What’s the difference between a badly dressed kid on a bicycle and a well dressed kid on a tricycle? Attire!
What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna One, Anna Two!
Did you hear about the king who was exactly 12 inches tall? He was a great ruler!
What’s the difference between a hippo and a Zippo? One is very heavy, the other is a little lighter.
How do you cure a fear of a speed bump? You slowly get over it.
Why is the cow always smiling? It’s in a good mooood I guess!
When did they find water on the moon? When it was waning!
What do you call a boomerang that doesn’t come back? A stick!
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands!
Why don’t astronomers like Orion’s Belt? It’s a big waist of space!
What did the photon say to the hotel bellhop? No luggage, I’m traveling light!
Why did the coffee go to the police? To report a mugging!
What’s the difference between a dad joke and a bad joke? The direction of the first letter.
I have a joke about putting in a light bulb, but I’m afraid I’ll screw it up.
I have a joke about chemistry, but I don’t think it’ll get a reaction.
I have a joke about banking, but I lost interest.
I have a joke about cows, but I don’t want to milk it.
I have a joke about kites, but it would just sail over your head.
I have a scary joke about math, but I’m 2² to say it.
I have a joke about construction, but I’m still working on it.
I have a joke about time travel, but you guys didn’t get it.
I have a joke about being an electrician, but it’s too shocking.
I have a joke about hunting for fossils, but you probably wouldn’t dig it.
I have a joke about a broken pencil, but it’s pointless.
I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don’t get it.
I have a joke about statistics, but it’s not significant.
I have a joke about pizza, but it’s too cheesy.
I have a joke about immortality, and it never gets old.
I have a joke about paper, but it’s tearable.
I have a joke about trickle-down economics, but 99% of you will never get it.
I have a joke about drilling, but it’s boring.
I have a joke about being a rejected organ donor, but I just don’t have the guts to tell it.
I had a joke about canned juice, but I couldn’t concentrate.
I have a few jokes about retired people, but none of them work.
I have a joke about a broken clock, but it’s not the right time.
I have a joke about nepotism, but I’ll only give it to my kids.
I have a joke about butter, but I’m not going to spread it.
I have a joke about a roof, but it would just go over your head.
I have a joke about inferiority complexes, but it’s not very good.
I have a joke about procrastination, but I’ll tell it to you later.
Why does Marvel advertise The Hulk the most? Because he’s basically one big Banner!
What’s E.T. short for? Because he’s only got tiny legs!
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
What’s Forrest Gump’s email password? 1Forrest1
What does Jeff Bezos do before he goes to sleep? He puts his PJ-Amazon.
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints.
How does Darth Vader like his toast? On the dark side.
Why won’t Apple start making cars? They wouldn’t support windows.
What type of coordination was Whitney Houston most famous for? Hand eeeeyeeeeee!
What do you say when Dwayne Johnson buys something to cut with? Rock pay-for scissors.
To the person stole my laptop with my copy of Microsoft Office on it: I will find you. You have my Word!
To the person who stole my glasses: I will find you. I have contacts.
To the person who stole my place in line: I’m after you now.
To the person who stole my limbo stick: That was a new low.
To the person who stole my dictionary: I have no words.
To the person who stole my bed: I won’t rest until I find you.
To the person who stole my depression medication: I hope you’re happy now.
To the person who stole my case of energy drinks: I hope you can’t sleep at night.
To the person who stole my power steering: I just can’t handle it.
To the person who stole my diary and then died: My thoughts are with your family.
RIP boiling water, you will be mist.
I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it’s more of a wrap.
A witch’s vehicle goes brrroom brrroom!
The waiter asked if I wanted a box for my leftovers, but I told him I’m not into fighting.
If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?
If the early bird catches the worm, I’ll sleep in until there are pancakes.
The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
I used to be able to play the piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands.
Did Noah include termites on the ark?
I used to hate facial hair, but it grew on me.
Keep the dream alive, and hit the snooze button.
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa.
I’m afraid of speed bumps, but I am slowly getting over it.
Some people think prison is one word, but to robbers, it’s the whole sentence.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now.
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants!
I poured root beer in a square glass. Now I just have beer.
I had a dream about being a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
Talk is cheap until you talk to a lawyer.
A pony with a cough is just a little horse.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
What’s Forrest Gump’s Facebook password? 1forest1.
What did the fisherman say to the magician? Pick a cod, any cod.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
Did you know that milk is the fastest liquid on earth? It’s pasteurized before you can even see it.
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? 10 tickles.
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
It’s inappropriate to make a dad joke if you’re not a dad. It’s a faux pa.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
Can February March? No, but April May!
How do lawyers say goodbye? We’ll be suing ya!
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it’s tearable.
What’s the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it’s a little cheesy.
Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
What is a funny mountain called? Hill-arious.
I wouldn’t buy anything with velcro. It’s a total rip-off.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
What kind of egg did the evil chicken lay? A deviled egg.
Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
How does a bee brush its hair? It uses a honeycomb.
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk!
Where do baby cats learn to swim? The kitty pool.
How can you tell it’s a dogwood tree? From the bark.
What sound does the engine of a witch’s vehicle make? Broooom broooom!
What do you call a fish wearing a bow tie? Sofishticated.
What bone will a dog never eat? A trombone.
Sundays are always a little sad, but the day before is a sadder day.
Where do you learn to make a banana split? Sundae school.
How do you row a canoe filled with puppies? Bring out the doggy paddle.
Why is cold water so insecure? Because it’s never called hot.
I don’t trust stairs. They’re always up to something.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
What did Tennessee? The same thing as Arkansas.
Why is it bad to iron your four-leaf clover? Because you shouldn’t press your luck.
What rock group has four men who don’t sing? Mount Rushmore.
Where do pirates buy hooks? The second hand store.
Why didn’t the skeleton go on the rollercoaster? It didn’t have the guts.
Why did the birds attack the dog? He was pure bread.
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me.
What do you call a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear.
Why can’t your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
Why are pigs so bad at sports? Because they always hog the ball.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
How do moths swim? Using the butterfly stroke.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
I hit in the head with a soda can. Thankfully it was a soft drink.
What’s the name of my cheese? Nacho cheese.
Knock, knock. Who’s there? Cows go. Cows go who? No, cows go moo!
What’s the loudest pet you can own? A trumpet.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
What does a pampered cow give? Spoiled milk.
I made a whopping six figures last year. I also was fired from the toy factory for being too slow.
Knock, knock. Who’s there? A little old lady. A little old lady who? Hey, you can yodel!
Why did the teddy bear skip dessert? She was stuffed.
What did the left eye say to the right? Something smells between us.
What do you call a singing laptop? A Dell.
What’s it called when a snowman throws a tantrum? A meltdown.
What did the scarecrow win an award for? He was outstanding in his field.
I don’t know much about the best things in Switzerland, but their flag is a big plus.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
I invented a pencil with an eraser on each end. There’s no point to it.
What do you call it when Batman skips church? Christian Bale.
Did you hear about the man who fell into an upholstery machine? He’s fully recovered.
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
What’s the astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The spacebar.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
Did you hear about the power outlet who got into a fight with a power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
Why are elevator jokes so good? They work on so many levels.
Why did the nurse need a red pen? In case she needed to draw blood.
Do you know the story about the chicken that crossed the border? Me neither, I couldn’t follow it.
How can a leopard change his spots? By moving.
Don’t trust atoms. They make up everything!
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
I’m afraid of the calendar. Its days are numbered.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
What did the zero say to the eight? That belt looks good on you.
I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind.
How do trees get online? They just log on.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
Air used to be free at the gas station. Now it’s $1.50. You know why? Inflation.
When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime.
I’ll call you later. Don’t call me later, call me Dad!
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh.
What kind of drink can be bitter and sweet? Reali-tea.
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they golfing? In case they get a hole in one!
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera.
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
Why did the picture get arrested? It got framed.
Why do M&Ms go to school? Because they want to be a Smartie.
Knock knock. Who’s there? Tank. Tank who? You’re welcome.
How do you protect a bagel? Lox it up!
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!
Why did the stadium get hot after the game? All of the fans left.
Why shouldn’t you enter into a contract with Wolverine? Because of his retractable clause.
What kind of coffee does a vampire drink? De-coffin-ated.
How do you keep a skunk from smelling? Hold its nose!
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
Why can’t you tell a taco a secret? They tend to spill the beans! %%Cinco De Mayo
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines. But catscan.
I wondered why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they golfing? In case they get a hole in one!
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera.
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is.
I was wondering why the ball kept getting bigger and bigger… // And then it hit me.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella? Fo’ Drizzle.
Why did the gym close down? It just didn’t work out.
Two artists had an art contest. It ended in a draw.
Where are average things manufactured? The Satisfactory.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I’m still working on it.
What did one hat say to the other? Wait here, I’m going on ahead!
What cars do eggs drive? A Yolkswagen.
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets.
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system.
My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. That’s my stepladder. he said. I never knew my real ladder.
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop.
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos.
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner.
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein.
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays.
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple!
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate.
My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, I always have a few Twix up my sleeve.
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper.
What’s the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores.
Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable.
In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble.
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart.
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes.
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable.
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
Did you know that the first french fries weren’t cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
This morning, Siri said, Don’t call me Shirley. I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode.
It’s easy to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods, but harder to deter gents.
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren’t going to work out.
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged.
I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X.
I can’t take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1.
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies.
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They’re making headlines.
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It’s tearable.
A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking. Now settle down, the doctor calmly told him. You’ll just have to learn to be a little patient.
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale.
A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned.
What is a guitar player’s favorite Italian food? Strum-boli.
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex.
Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
I don’t trust stairs. They’re always up to something.
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
Why’d the alternate universe Spider-Man do so well on his driving test? He’s an excellent parallel Parker.
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
What’s a lawyer’s favorite drink? Subpoena colada.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
What do you call a wizard who’s really bad at football? Fumbledore.
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them)
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
What’s blue and not very heavy? Light blue.
I don’t get why bakers aren’t wealthier. They make so much dough.
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I’ll let you know.
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line.
My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. I’m feeling cannelloni right now.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
I was playing chess with my friend and he said, Let’s make this interesting. So we stopped playing chess.
I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody.
Why didn’t the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.
Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up.
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
I can’t take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said parking fine.
I was excited to hear Apple might start selling its own cars until I learned they wouldn’t support windows.
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
Cop: I’m arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia. Man: Wait! I can explain everything!
My friend couldn’t afford to pay his bill, so I sent him a Get Well Soon card.
I’m Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me.
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face?
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough.
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help.
In 2017 I didn’t do a marathon. I didn’t do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke.
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
Ever since we started quarantining, I’ve only been telling inside jokes.
If you’re feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It’ll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning.
My landlord told me we need to talk about the heating bill. Sure, I said. My door is always open.
I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. No, I said. It’s to look at.
What has five toes and isn’t your foot? My foot.
My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don’t believe him, but that’s his story and he’s sticking to it.
When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright.
I’m reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it.
Anyone looking to buy a Delorean? Good shape, good mileage. Only driven from time to time
During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them.
Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I’m just asking for a friend.
Why did the Invisible Man turn down a job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it.
When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body.
Just say NO to drugs! Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes.
I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let’s get together and make a spectacle of ourselves.
How come the Hulk doesn’t lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
I didn’t want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn’t come with a driver. I can’t believe I have nothing to chauffer it.
What’s green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked Bohemian Rhapsody.
What’s the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus.
At the job interview, they asked me, Where do you see yourself in five years? I told him, I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you!
How do you make a water bed bouncier? Add spring water.
I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there’s a salad dressing.
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base.
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries. %%Halloween
I tried to start a professional hide and seek team, but it didn’t work out. Turns out, good players are hard to find.
Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough.
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
Lance isn’t that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot.
I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel.
She said I won’t be able to make it.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now.
I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins.
A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, It’s a moving violation.
Swords will never go obsolete. They’re cutting edge technology.
I asked the IT guy, How do you make a Motherboard? He said, I tell her about my job.
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07.
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally.
You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it’s a $1. That’s inflation for you.
My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed.
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it’s so time-consuming.
I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store. Clothes, but no cigar.
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
My grief counselor died the other day. He was so good at his job, I don’t even care.
Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life.
As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice.
I was reading a great book about an immortal dog the other day. It was impossible to put down.
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public? A private tutor.
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard.
They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important.
The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family.
Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.
If you donate a kidney, everybody loves you and you’re a total hero. But try donating five kidneys and suddenly everyone is yelling and the police get called.
I have a fish that can breakdance. Only for ten seconds though, and only once.
My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It’s a good thing he drives a Civic.
In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective.
A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, I’m sorry, but you only have ten left. The patient asks him, Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks? The doctor calmly looks at him and says, Nine.
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys.
What do you call bears with no ears? B.
What’s the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer.
A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. You can’t cut me down, the tree complains. I’m a talking tree! The man responds, You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5.
When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein.
A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, What do you want? The man says, Oh, just some fruit punch. The bartender sighs and shakes his head, If you want punch, you’re gonna have to wait in line. The man looks around, but there is no punchline.
What’s worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Biting into an apple and finding half a worm.
I just got my doctor’s test results and I’m really upset. Turns out, I’m not gonna be a doctor.
My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
My daughter just shrieked at me, Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to a word I’ve said, have you? What an odd way to begin a conversation.
I have a great joke about nepotism. But I’ll only tell it to my kids.
Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is? No sun.
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful.
I’d like to have kids one day. I don’t think I could stand them any longer than that, though.
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didn’t have any idea either.
My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother.
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa!
A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, That’s arson.
Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst.
What’s your name, son? The principal asked his student. The kid replied, D-d-d-dav-dav-david, sir. Do you have a stutter? the principal asked. The student answered, No sir, my dad has a stutter but the guy who registered my name was a real jerk.
Concerned that his son was spending too much time on video games, a dad told him, When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace. Oh yeah? the son retorts. Well, when Abe Lincoln was your age, he was President of the United States.
A father tells his son that he was adopted. I want to meet my biological parents, the son demands. We are your biological parents, the father responds. Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in twenty minutes.
A son tells his father, I have an imaginary girlfriend. The father sighs and says, You know, you could do better. Thanks Dad, the son says. That means a lot. The father shakes his head and goes, I was talking to your girlfriend.
Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?
My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we be positive, but it’s just so hard without him.
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me.
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.
April showers bring May flowers, but what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it.
What is a funny mountain called? Hill-arious.
What do you call a song about a tortilla? A wrap.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1.
Where do pirates buy hooks? The second hand store.
The child refused to nap. She was found guilty of resisting a rest.
Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing!
Why is it bad to iron a four leaf clover? Because you should never press your luck.
What did one hat say to the other? Wait here, I’m going on ahead!
What keys unlock a banana? Mon-keys.
What is a fancy fish called? So-fish-ticated.
What’s blue and doesn’t weigh much? Light blue.
Where do you learn to make a banana split? Sundae school.
What happened to the frog that parked illegally? It got toad.
What type of bear is toothless? A gummy bear.
What cars do eggs drive? A Yolkswagen.
Why didn’t the skeleton go on the rollercoaster? It didn’t have the guts.
What did the cereal bring to the bank? Chex.
How does the moon style his hair? Eclipse it.
Why did the birds attack the dog? He was pure bread.
What did one wall say to the other? Let’s meet at the corner.
Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up alone? Because it was two tired.
How do you make seven even? Take away the s.
What’s it called when a snowman throws a tantrum? A meltdown.
What did the scarecrow win an award for? He was outstanding in his field.
What cars do sheep drive? Lamborghinis.
How do cows learn about current events? They read the moo-spaper.
How do you make a water bed bouncier? Fill it with Poland Spring water.
I have a joke about construction, but I’m still working on it.
At least I know I can always count on my fingers.
I just gave my too weak notice at the gym.
I bought Velcro sneakers, but they were a total rip-off!
My dentist appointment is at tooth hurt-y.
Apparently it was the fridge shrinking my clothes…not the dryer.
Goodbye boiling water, you will be mist.
All the fruits go on vacation in Pear-is.
The dry-erase board is the most remarkable invention.
I brought an egg to a comedy show and he cracked up.
It takes a lot of guts to be an organ donor.
That ghost was such a bad liar…I could see right through him! %%Halloween
The football coach went to the bank to get his quarterback.
Spiders are so smart, they know everything on the web. %%Halloween
I used to have a fear of speed bumps, but I’m slowly getting over it.
I had to get a neck brace last year and I haven’t looked back since.
That circus fire was in tents.
I don’t want to be friends with Dracula anymore, he’s such a pain in the neck!
It was easy to stop women from eating Tide Pods, but I couldn’t deter gents.
A joke becomes a dad joke once it is apparent.
I don’t know much about the best things in Switzerland, but their flag is a big plus.
That wedding was so emotional, even the cake was in tiers.
Everyone’s sharing the rumor about butter, but I’m not about to spread it.
I told a joke about chemistry, but it didn’t get a reaction.
I’m a big dreamer, so I always hit the snooze button.
I saw the Apple store get robbed…I guess that makes me an iWitness.
That car seems nice, but the muffler looks exhausted.
The ghost told me he’d bring the boos to the party tonight. %%Halloween
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
That vampire should see a doctor…he’s always coffin. %%Halloween
I’m following the seafood diet. I see food, then I eat it.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate 9.
Dogs are not allowed to operate an MRI machine, but catscan!
Don’t eat my cheese, that’s nacho cheese! %%Cinco De Mayo
What computer is a singer? A Dell.
My boss wished me a good day, so I went back home.
Why do nurses always take the red crayons? They have to draw a lot of blood.
I had a clock for breakfast. It was super time-consuming.
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let’s meet up and make a spectacle of ourselves.
It’s painful to say this, but I have a bad sore throat.
What’s the least spoken language? Sign language.
A cheese factory exploded downtown. Da brie is all over the streets!
I’m so good at napping that I can do it in my sleep!
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.
What did one DNA molecule say to the other DNA molecule? How do these genes look on me?
Don’t go in the grass without armor! It’s full of blades!
Why did the invisible man decline the job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it.
How much money is it to park Santa’s sleigh? Nothing. It’s on the house.
I’m so bored at work because all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
What does a buffalo say goodbye to his son? Bison.
3.14% of sailors are considered pi-rates.
What animal is the worst at hide-and-seek? A leopard because he’s always spotted.
What do you call someone who doesn’t have a nose or body? Nobody knows.
What does garlic do before it showers? Takes its cloves off.
Why did the dog float in the water? He was a good buoy.
I went to the restaurant on the moon. The food was delicious, but there was no atmosphere.
I invented a pencil with an eraser on each end. There’s no point to it.
What has five toes, a heel, and isn’t your foot? My foot.
Why didn’t Han Solo like his burger? It was too Chewie.
What’s the astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The spacebar.
If you spell the words absolutely nothing backward, you get gnihton yletulosba, which ironically means…absolutely nothing.
I had a joke about boxing, but I forgot the punchline.
The farmers lost all their crops and decided to try a career in music instead. They just had too many sick beets.
I once was addicted to soap, but I’m all clean now.
The saying goes, An apple a day keeps the doctor away, but they keep calling me for my annual checkup.
I’ll never trust atoms. They make up everything!
I have a really funny joke about trickle-down economics, but there’s no use in telling it because 99% of you will never get it.
I didn’t understand why the frisbee kept getting bigger. Then it hit me.
I made a whopping six figures last year. I also was fired from the toy factory for being too slow.
A guy walked into a bar…then he was disqualified from the limbo contest.
I got an anonymous compliment about my parking skills today. It said, Parking fine.
The calendar’s days are numbered. I’ll start planning the funeral.
I shouldn’t have poured my root beer into a square glass. I hate beer!
I used to fill my tires for free, but now it costs a dollar. I guess that’s the inflation everyone’s talking about.
I’m such a morning person that I don’t even need an alarm clock. That and I drink a gallon of water before I go to bed.
What came first, the chicken or the egg? I just ordered both on Amazon, so I’ll let you know.
I’m the best at putting leaves in boiling water. It’s my special tea.
When I was younger, my parents told me I can be anyone I dreamed of becoming. Then I learned the hard way that identity theft is a crime.
Taylor Swift is immune to vampires. They know she has bad blood.
The bartender broke up with her boyfriend, but he convinced her to give him one more shot.
Did you hear about the new corduroy pillowcases? They’re making headlines.
If the early bird catches the worm, call me a night owl because I prefer pancakes.
The waiter asked if I wanted a box for my leftovers, but I told him I’m not into fighting.
I accidentally took out my Blockbuster card at the bar. The bouncer said never mind.
In a job interview, they asked me if I can perform under pressure. I told them I don’t know the lyrics.
This guy was fired for always sweeping girls off their feet. He was a super-aggressive janitor.
When two vegetarians get in a fight, is it still called beef?
I heard that 5/4 of people are bad at fractions.
I’m always getting sick during the week. I think I have a weekend immune system.
Did you hear the joke about déjà vu? Did you hear the joke about déjà vu?
Can a kangaroo jump higher than our house? Of course it can, a house can’t jump!
Why does Peter Pan always fly? He Neverlands.
What do you write on a rabbit’s birthday card? Hoppy Birthday!
Where do sick boats go to get better? The boat doc.
How does a banana answer a phone call? Yellow!
If it’s raining cats and dogs, make sure you don’t step in a poodle!
How does a bee brush its hair? It uses a honeycomb.
What animal is dishonest? A lion.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
Where do young trees learn math? Elementree school.
What’s a lazy kangaroo called? A pouch potato.
The finger was put in detention for always picking on the nose.
Mount Rushmore is the only rock group that doesn’t sing or play musical instruments.
What do tacos say in church? Lettuce pray! %%Cinco De Mayo
What do Santa’s elves learn in Kindergarten? The elphabet.
What’s the difference between a crocodile and an alligator? You will see one in a while and one later.
What does a pampered cow make? Spoiled milk.
What’s the Easter Bunny’s favorite music genre? Hip-hop.
What is a pony with a sore throat called? A little hoarse.
Where do baby cats swim? The kitty pool.
How do astronauts organize a trip? They planet.
I have a joke about pizza, but it’s really cheesy.
What do clouds wear? Thunderwear.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
What game are tornadoes the best at? Twister.
Why do giants sound so smart? They use big words!
If a squirrel seems to like you, you must be a bit nutty.
What’s a ghost’s favorite fruit? Boo-berries! %%Halloween
What sound does the engine of a witch’s vehicle make? Broooom broooom!
What’s orange and sounds just like a parrot? A carrot.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents!
How do you catch a squirrel? Climb a tree and act like a nut!
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint!
I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes. She gave me a hug.
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They might crack up!
What did the big flower say to the little flower? Hi, bud!
I went to buy some camouflage pants, but I couldn’t find any.
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing, it just let out a little wine.
I used to have a job at a calendar factory, but I got fired because I took a couple of days off.
What do you call a snowman with a six-pack? An abdominal snowman!
Why don’t skeletons fight each other? They don’t have the guts!
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere!
What did one wall say to the other wall? I’ll meet you at the corner!
Why did the math book look sad? Because it had too many problems!
What did one hat say to the other hat? You stay here, I’ll go on ahead!
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged!
I was going to tell you a joke about time travel, but you didn’t like it.
I used to be a baker, but I couldn’t make enough dough.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
I’m writing a book about glue, but I’m stuck on the first chapter.
What did one plate whisper to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
Two sheep walk into a—baaaa.
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter.
Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to go spreading it!
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?
I have a clean conscious—it’s never been used.
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can’t jump.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner.
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. All the others are weekdays.
What did the seal with one fin say to the shark? If seal is broken, do not consume.
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it.
How do you measure the mass of an influencer’s following? By Instagrams!
How do you stop a bull from charging? Cancel its credit card.
Am I the only man my wife has ever dated? Unfortunately, yes, she said the others were all nines or tens!
What’s the difference between a man’s wallet before and after kids? There are pictures where the money used to be.
I haven’t spoken to my wife in four years. I thought it would be rude to interrupt her!
I wish my gray hair started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.
How do you follow Will Smith in the Mud? Follow the fresh prints.
My kid is blaming me for ruining their birthday. That’s ridiculous, I didn’t even know it was today!
My kid gave me a ’World’s Best Dad’ mug. At least she inherited my sense of humor.
When a toddler reaches the why? stage, it’s like opening a bottle of champagne—once it’s uncorked, there’s no going back.
How do you teach kids about taxes? Eat 38% of their ice cream.
I wish my kids weren’t offended by my Frozen jokes. They really need to let it go!
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar.
Why does a husband lead a dog’s life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed.
What does the stork do once he’s delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer!
What’s 90 degrees but covered with ice? The North and South Poles.
What happened when the blue ship and the red ship collided at sea? Their crews were marooned.
What’s the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu? One requires tweetment and the other an oinkment.
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? If they flew over the bay, they would be bagels.
I’m thinking I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? Where’s popcorn?
What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
You can’t spell par entry without try.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Un-bee-lievable.
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
Why can’t a leopard hide? He’s always spotted.
Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation.
I tried to get a smart car the other day but they sold out too fast. Why? I guess I’m just a bit slow.
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space.
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
What’s the best thing about Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well!
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed!
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield!
Can February March? No, but April May!
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine!
I’m so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it’s over your head.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me.
It really takes guts to be an organ donor.
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn’t like it.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know.
I’m reading an anti-gravity book. I can’t put it down!
I’d avoid the sushi if I were you. It’s a little fishy!
What do houses wear? An address.
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
Why’d the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut!
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet.
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept.
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday!
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired!
Wanna hear a joke about construction? I’m still workin’ on it!
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I’ll be suing ya!
You can’t trust atoms. They make up everything!
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends.
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison!
Why do vampires always seem sick? They’re coffin. %%Halloween
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste!
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe!
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You’re under a vest!
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback.
I asked my dog what’s two minus two. He said nothing.
The first thing Santa’s elves learn in school is their elf-abet. %%Christmas
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them. %%Halloween
Shouldn’t the roof of your mouth actually be called the ceiling?
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank.
The pony couldn’t sing because it was a little horse.
RIP boiling water, you will be mist.
I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it’s just a bug that’s going around.
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming.
I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it’s more of a wrap.
You can tell it’s a dogwood tree from its bark.
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions.
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines but catscan.
A witch’s vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom!
I’m worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
Dear Math, it’s time to grow up and solve your own problems.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don’t know y.
I just don’t trust stairs, they’re always up to something.
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed.
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank.
What’s a tornado’s favorite game? Twister!
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can’t talk!
What rock group has four men who don’t sing? Mount Rushmore.
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!
What do you call cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese.
Did you get your haircut? No, I got them all cut.
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It’s tearable.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around.
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn’t a dad? A faux pa.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it’s a little cheesy.
If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?
I hate Velcro. It’s a rip off.
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants.
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust.
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them.
I’ll call you later. Don’t call me later, call me Dad.
If the early bird gets the worm, I’ll sleep in until there’s pancakes.
The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
Why can’t your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
What key is used to open bananas? A mon-key.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it!
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What’s a sea monster’s favorite lunch? Fish and ships.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball.
Why shouldn’t you tell an egg a joke? It’ll crack up.
What’s a foot long and slippery? A slipper.
What’s a ninja’s favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He’s a pain in the neck.
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school.
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh!
What kind of noise does a witch’s vehicle make? Brrrroooom, brrroooom.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
Did you hear about the actor who broke his leg onstage? He’s still in the cast.
How do you get a country girl’s attention? A tractor.
Why did the pharmacist walk on her tiptoes? She didn’t want to wake the sleeping pills.
I wanted to buy a pair of camouflage pants, but I couldn’t find any.
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
I have an inferiority complex, but it’s not a very good one.
What do you call a pudgy psychic? A four-chin teller.
I had a date last night and it was perfect. Tomorrow, I’ll have a fig.
What did the police officer say to his belly-button? You’re under a vest.
What do you call it when a group of apes starts a company? Monkey business.
My wife asked me to stop singing Wonderwall to her. I said Maybe...
What kind of drink can be bitter and sweet? Reali-tea.
What do you call a naughty lamb dressed up like a skeleton for Halloween? Baaad to the bone.
Why did the lobster blush? Because it saw the ocean’s bottom!
Want to know why nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
What would the Terminator be called in his retirement? The Exterminator.
What did Tennessee? The same thing as Arkansas.
My wife asked me to go get 6 cans of Sprite from the grocery store. I realized when I got home that I had picked 7 up.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Why do some couples go to the gym? Because they want their relationship to work out.
What do you call an angry musician flipping someone off? A song bird.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It’s fine, he woke up.
How can you tell it’s a dogwood tree? By the bark.
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home.
Our vacuum cleaner is getting old. It’s just gathering dust.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
What do you call 26 letters that went for a swim? Alphawetical.
What’s the name of a very polite, European body of water? Merci.
Why was the color green notoriously single? It was always so jaded.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
I want to make a brief joke, but it’s a little cheesy.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarterback.
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
Sundays are always a little sad, but the day before is a sadder day.
5/4 of people admit they’re bad at fractions.
Why did the bedding hide their relationship? They just wanted something pillow-key!
You’re American when you go into a bathroom and when you come out, but what are you while you’re in the bathroom? European.
I’ve been thinking about taking up meditation. I figure it’s better than sitting around doing nothing.
What did the flowers do when the bride walked down the aisle? They rose.
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What does Rockin’ Robin do when she’s bored? Tweet.
I lost my job at the bank on my first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
Why did Waldo go to therapy? Because he needed to find himself.
How do you row a canoe filled with puppies? Bring out the doggy paddle.
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it becomes a soap opera.
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
What’s a crafty dancer’s favorite hobby? Cutting a rug.
How does a penguin build his house? Igloos it together.
What kind of music do chiropractors like? Hip pop.
Where do you learn to make ice cream? At sundae school.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
Why is cold water so insecure? Because it’s never called hot.
Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be just-water.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn’t like it.
Shouldn’t the roof of your mouth actually be called the ceiling?
Why did the baby strawberry cry? Because its mother was in a jam.
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? Because it got stuck in a crack. %%Cross the road
Stop looking for the perfect match…use a lighter.
I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but he said it’s just a bug going around.
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A Lamborghini.
What do you call someone who won’t stick to a diet? A desserter.
What did the accountant say while auditing a document? This is taxing.
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight.
If you see a burglary at an Apple store, you become an iWitness.
If the early bird gets the worm, I’ll sleep in until there’s pancakes.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
I signed up for a marathon, but how will I know if it’s the real deal or just a run through?
When you have a bladder infection, urine trouble.
What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna One, Anna Two!
What did the juicer say to the orange during self-quarantine? Can’t wait to squeeze you!
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
Want to hear a joke about construction? I’m still working on it.
Someone told me that I should write a book. I said, That’s a novel concept.
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, Do you know how to drive this thing?
Why did the pony ask for a glass of water? Because it was a little horse.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
I tell dad jokes, but I don’t have any kids. I’m a faux pa.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
How can you mend a broken pumpkin? Use a pumpkin patch.
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
Why do dads feel the need to tell such bad jokes? They just want to help you become a groan up.
I know a lot of jokes about retired people, but none of them work.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
What do you call spiders who just got married? Newly-webs.
RIP boiled water—you will be mist.
What do you call two octopuses that look the same? Itenticle.
What has one head, one foot, and four legs? A bed.
Sore throats are a pain in the neck.
What does a house wear? Address.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was out standing in his field.
What is a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries.
What’s red and smells like blue paint? Red paint.
My son asked me to put his shoes on, but I don’t think they’ll fit me.
I’ve been bored recently, so I decided to take up fencing. The neighbors keep demanding that I put it back.
How do you know when a chicken is evil? It lays deviled eggs.
What do you call an unpredictable camera? A loose Canon.
I didn’t get a haircut, I got them all cut.
Which U.S. state is known for its especially small soft drinks? Minnesota.
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing—they fast.
What did one Dorito farmer say to the other? Cool Ranch!
How do cows shop? From cattle-logs.
I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed.
People are usually shocked that I have a Police record. But I love their greatest hits!
I told my girlfriend she drew on her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
Why shouldn’t you write with a broken pencil? Because it’s pointless.
I like telling Dad jokes…sometimes he laughs.
How do you weigh a millennial? In Instagrams.
The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
What’s the most patriotic sport? Flag football.
Why were spectators confused by the koala’s self-portrait? It was bear.
Why did the envelope take so long to get ready? It had to get addressed.
What does a karate master get rewarded with while driving? A seat belt.
What do you call a baby sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop.
What did the husband say to his wife right after getting LASIK surgery? Aren’t you a sight for sore eyes?
Why are pigs bad drivers? Because they hog the road.
What do lions use to look at their manes? Mirroars.
What did the dad say when his golden retriever was caught eating a hot dog? It’s a dog eat dog world out there.
Do mascara and lipstick ever argue? Sure, but then they makeup.
What piece on the playground is always exhausted? The tire swing.
Why did two tall people get along so well? They could really see eye to eye.
Why was the gossip disliked at the coffee shop? She always spilled the tea.
What does a writer have in common with a football player? Anxiety over a rough draft.
Where do wasps like to get lunch? A bee-stro.
Is there anything worse than when it’s raining cats and dogs? Yes! Hailing taxis.
Why would doors do well on social media? Everyone looks for their handles.
Why did the physicist and the biologist break up? Because they had no chemistry.
If you feel like someone is watching you, you’re not alone.
Which bathroom appliance would be the worst life preserver? The sink.
Why was the dad sitting on a pack of playing cards? His kid asked him to sit on the deck.
How do birds learn how to fly? They wing it!
What kind of bird is always getting hurt? The owl.
What’s either a really gross animal issue OR an impressive, magical school? Hogwarts.
How does Darth Vader like his toast? On the dark side.
What did the dishwasher say to the oven after a productive day? You’ve been on fire!
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
Why did the cashier rip money in half? They were asked to break a bill.
What did one furniture maker say to another during a tense discussion? Let’s table this.
I was going to tell a joke about water, but it was too tasteless.
Why couldn’t the duck be quiet? Because it was addicted to quack.
Why was the ghost so tired? He worked the graveyard shift. %%Halloween
Why do pancakes always win at baseball? They have the best batter.
Why did the baseball player get arrested? Because he stole second base.
Why couldn’t the couple get married at the library? It was all booked up.
Why did the pug buy a clock? It wanted to be a watchdog.
Where do hamburgers go to dance? The meatball.
How did the dad prank his daughter using fake dog poop on April Fools Day? He told her to look out for her new sham-poo in the shower.
What did the air conditioner say when it met a celebrity? I’m a big fan.
What was Sherlock Holmes’ favorite protein source? Mystery meat.
What did the dryer say to the boring duvet cover that just got out of the washer? Don’t be such a wet blanket.
Why couldn’t the bike stand up on its own? Because it was too tired.
Why was the cow such a heartthrob on the farm? He was a s-moo-th talker.
What’s a writer’s favorite train station? Penn Station.
What do you call a gnat with a sore throat? A hoarse fly.
What was said about the messy, angry man who was eating a can of Pringles? He’s got a chip on his shoulder.
What’s it called when kittens get stuck in a tree? A cat-astrophe.
What kind of shape may have been knighted? Sir-cles.
Why is sand so optimistic? It has a can-dune attitude.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
What part of the museum makes everyone sneeze? The sta-tues.
What did the baker say when she won an award? It was a piece of cake.
Why couldn’t the couple respond right away when looking at wedding venues? They were engaged.
What is Marco’s favorite clothing store? Polo.
What do you call it when a lawyer takes a test early in the morning? A breakfast bar.
What do frogs use to track their exercise? Fit (rib)bits.
How do frogs invest their money? They use a stock croaker.
Why did police arrest the turkey? They suspected fowl play.
What kind of cleaning product feels a lot of motivation in life? All-purpose.
Where was the dripping coming from in the fridge? The leeks.
Why was the hockey player gifted a new cap? He was known for his hat tricks.
What vegetable is kind to everyone? The sweet potato.
How was the handsome runner described? Dashing.
What animals are the best to call if you get locked out of your house? Monkeys.
What did the geometry teacher say when the class had trouble solving a problem? Let’s try a different angle.
Why don’t phones ever go hungry? They have plenty of apps to choose from.
Why couldn’t the family leave the room after playing with Legos? They were blocked.
What makes a basketball court trendy and accessorized? The hoops.
What did the sapphire’s best friend tell her? You’re a real gem.
Getting paid to sleep is a true dream job.
Did you hear about the bossy man at the bar? He ordered everyone around.
What do you give the dentist of the year? A little plaque.
Why did the deer go to the dentist? It had buck teeth.
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? Because it lost its filling.
What happens when doctors get frustrated? They lose their patients.
Why was the traffic light late to work? It took too long to change.
Did you hear about the guy who was afraid of hurdles? He got over it.
Why didn’t the sun go to college? It already had a million degrees.
Did you hear about the guy who drank invisible ink? He’s at the hospital waiting to be seen.
What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener.
What do lawyers wear to work? Law suits.
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
Why did the computer catch cold? It left a window open.
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
Why did the computer go to bed? It needed to crash.
Why did the employee get fired from the keyboard factory? He wasn’t putting in enough shifts.
How do trees get on the internet? They log in.
Why did the computer get glasses? To improve its website.
What kind of bird works on a construction site? A crane.
How much money does a skunk have? Only one scent.
Why did the watch go on vacation? Because it needed to unwind.
What does a painter do when he gets cold? Puts on another coat.
How do you tell a scientist that they have bad breath? Offer them an experi-mint.
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
Why did the roofer go to the doctor? He had shingles.
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines, but cats-can.
What does a librarian use to go fishing? A bookworm.
What did the roof say to the shingle? The first one is on the house.
Why did the tailor get fired? He wasn’t a good fit.
What kind of bug can tell time? A clock-roach.
Why did the girl toss a clock out the window? She wanted to see time fly.
When does Friday come before Thursday? In the dictionary.
How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it while you are eating dinner.
How many narcissists does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. The narcissist holds the light bulb while the rest of the world revolves around him.
How many DIY buffs does it take to change a light bulb? One, but it takes two weeks and four trips to the hardware store.
How many paranoids does it take to change a light bulb? Who wants to know?
I read that by law you must turn on your headlights when it’s raining in Sweden, but how am I supposed to know when it’s raining in Sweden?
I was addicted to the hokey pokey…but I turned myself around.
I don’t trust stairs. They are always up to something.
Today, my son asked, Can I have a bookmark? I burst into tears—11 years old and he still doesn’t know my name is Brian.
When I was a kid, my dad got fired from his job as a road worker for theft. I refused to believe he could do such a thing, but when I got home, the signs were all there.
Why didn’t Han Solo enjoy his steak dinner? It was Chewie.
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it.
Did you hear about the racing snail who got rid of his shell? He thought it would make him faster, but it just made him sluggish.
A turtle is crossing the road when he’s mugged by two snails. When the police ask him what happened, the shaken turtle replies, I don’t know. It all happened so fast.
Did you hear about the guy who froze to death at the drive-in? He went to see Closed for the Winter.
We all know about Murphy’s Law: Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. But have you heard of Cole’s Law? It’s thinly sliced cabbage.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
I had a happy childhood. My dad used to put me in tires and roll me down hills. Those were Goodyears.
What invention allows us to see through walls? Windows.
I know a bunch of good jokes about umbrellas, but they usually go over people’s heads.
The bank keeps calling me to give me compliments. They say I have an outstanding balance.
What is the most popular fish in the ocean? A starfish.
Barbers…you have to take your hat off to them.
What did one plate say to another plate? Tonight, dinner’s on me.
Did you hear about the surgeon who enjoyed performing quick surgeries on insects? He did one on the fly.
What’s a vampire’s favorite ship? A blood vessel. %%Halloween
There’s only one thing I can’t deal with, and that’s a deck of cards glued together.
The past, the present, and the future walked into a bar. It was tense.
Son: Dad, I’m hungry. Dad: Hi hungry, I’m Dad.
Dad: Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? Son: No. What happened? Dad: The teacher woke him up.
Daughter: I have a lot of friends named Nathan. There’s Nathan Miller, Nathan Radcliff, Nathan Lewis… Me: When they are together, do you call them the United Nathans?
What’s the least-spoken language in the world? Sign language.
What do you call a hippie’s wife? Mississippi.
I searched for a lighter on Amazon, but all I could find were 6,000 matches.
I sold our vacuum cleaner; it was just gathering dust.
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs.
Did you hear they arrested the devil? Yeah, they got him on possession.
A friend of mine didn’t pay his exorcist. He got repossessed.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
What sound does a witch’s car make? Broom broom! %%Halloween
I want to go on record that I support farming. As a matter of fact, you could call me protractor.
What’s the best way to watch a fly-fishing tournament? Live stream.
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? You will see one later and one in a while.
Did you hear about the crustacean accused of promoting his own shellfish interests?
Did you hear about the bankrupt poet who ode everyone?
Did you hear about the shepherd who drove his sheep through town and was given a ticket for making a ewe turn?
Did you hear about the cat who ate a ball of yarn? She had mittens.
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a little more space.
Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watchdogs.
What do you call a dog that can do magic? A Labracabrador.
Why do dogs float in water? Because they are good buoys.
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle.
What do you call 50 pigs and 50 deer? 100 sows and bucks.
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don’t work.
What do you call a fish with no eye? A fsh.
Police arrested a bottle of water because it was wanted in three different states: solid, liquid, and gas.
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? Pouch potato.
Why is grass so dangerous? Because it’s full of blades.
What is the Easter bunny’s favorite type of music? Hip-hop.
A friend of mine is known for sweeping girls off their feet. He’s an extremely aggressive janitor.
I’m an expert at picking leaves and heating them in water. It’s my special tea.
My son’s fourth birthday was today. When he came to see me, I didn’t recognize him at first. I had never seen him be four.
I recently went to the World’s Tiniest Wind Turbine exhibit. Honestly, not a big fan.
I was out on a walk when I saw a sign that said, Man wanted for robbery. So I went in and applied for the job.
How long should socks be? Twelve inches, so you can fit in one foot.
Did you hear the joke about experiencing déjà vu? Did you hear the joke about experiencing déjà vu?
A bartender broke up with her boyfriend, but he kept asking her for another shot.
I’m reading a novel where the main character has strained the muscles around his spine. That’s his back story.
My doctor told me I’ve really grown as a person. Well, her exact words were that I gained excess weight.
What do you call someone who always states the obvious? Someone who always states the obvious.
Scientists have discovered what is believed to be the world’s largest bedsheet. More on this story as it unfolds.
3.14 percent of sailors are pi-rates.
You can’t plant flowers if you haven’t botany.
What did the French chef give his wife for Valentine’s Day? A hug and a quiche.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, Sorry, we don’t serve food here.
A couple of cups of yogurt walk into a country club. We don’t serve your kind here, the bartender says. Why not? one yogurt asks. We’re cultured.
A brain walks into a bar and takes a seat. I’d like some wings and a pint of beer, please, it says. Sorry, but I can’t serve you, the bartender replies. You’re out of your head.
A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head. The bartender says, What’s with the paper towel? The pirate says, Arrr! I’ve got a Bounty on me head!
A guy walks into a bar, and there’s a horse serving drinks. The horse asks, What are you staring at? Haven’t you ever seen a horse tending bar before? The guy says, It’s not that. I just never thought the parrot would sell the place.
Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens? All they said was, Bach, Bach, Bach…
What did one DNA say to the other DNA? Do these genes make me look fat?
What do youneed to make a small fortune on Wall Street? A large fortune.
How does the man in the moon get his hair cut? Eclipse it.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
Did you hear the one about the kid who started a business tying shoelaces on the playground? It was a knot-for-profit.
My kid wants to invent a pencil with an eraser on each end, but I just don’t see the point.
Teacher: There are two words I don’t allow in my class. One is gross, and the other is cool. Johnny: So, what are the words?
Why should you never mention the number 288? It’s two gross
I spent a lot of time, money, and effort childproofing my house, but the kids still get in.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it!
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
What do Bostonians call a fake noodle? An impasta.
A college education now costs $100,000, but it produces three very proud people: the student, his mama, and his pauper.
My son has his BA and his MA, but his P­A still supports him.
What does a mobster buried in cement soon become? A hardened criminal.
What does idk stand for? Everyone I ask says, I don’t know.
Why was the pig covered in ink? Because it lived in a pen.
Did you hear about the guy who stole 50 cartons of hand sanitizer? They couldn’t prosecute—his hands were clean.
Why was the rookie police officer assigned to hunt the cannibal? The more seasoned officers had already been eaten.
What do you call a snitching scientist? A lab rat.
What’s the difference between a man wearing pajamas on a bicycle and a guy wearing a tuxedo on a unicycle? Attire.
It’s a shame that the Beatles didn’t make the submarine in that song green. That would’ve been sublime.
Did you hear about the aquatic sea mammals that escaped from the zoo? It was otter chaos.
What did the skeleton order with its beer? A mop.
Why do nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
How much do I love crunchy tacos? From my head tomatoes. %%Cinco De Mayo
What kind of spells do leprechauns use? Lucky Charms.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
My IQ test results came back. They were negative.
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear.
Did you hear about the nurse who was chewed out by the doctor because she was absent without gauze?
If athletes get athlete’s foot, what do astronauts get? Missile toe.
My wife asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it into the ocean.
My wife is really mad that I have no sense of direction. I packed up my stuff and right.
What did one cannibal say to the other while they were eating a clown? Does this taste funny to you?
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.
In a freak accident today, a photographer was killed when a huge lump of cheddar landed on him. To be fair, the people who were being photographed did try to warn him.
Can February March? No, but April May.
Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll.
If you see a robbery at an Apple store, does that make you an iWitness?
What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two…
What’s a bad wizard’s favorite computer program? Spell check.
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes.
I began to read a horror novel in braille. Something bad is about to happen—I can feel it.
Why do pumpkins sit on porches? They have no hands to knock on the door.
My friend wants to become an archaeologist, but I’m trying to put him off. I’m convinced his life will be in ruins.
I got hit in the head with a can of Coke today. Don’t worry, I’m not hurt. It was a soft drink.
Cooking out this weekend? Don’t forget the pickle. It’s kind of a big dill.
Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
A steak pun is a rare medium done well.
Why did the raisin go out with the prune? Because he couldn’t find a date.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
My dog accidentally swallowed a bunch of Scrabble tiles. I think this could spell disaster.
I wondered why the ball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
I had a date last night. It was perfect. Tomorrow, I’ll try a grape.
Armed robbers—some say they’re a drain on society, but you’ve got to give it to them.
It hurts me to say this, but I have a sore throat.
I know a surgeon who puts organs back in upside down. I told him that’s not funny, but he said it was an inside joke.
My girlfriend says it’s either her or my career as a news reporter. I have some breaking news for her.
Inflation is really getting out of hand, but that’s just my five cents.
I can guess what people do for a living just by looking at their hands. I mean, I’m usually wrong, but I can guess.
I’ve been breeding racing deer. Just trying to make a quick buck.
How many mystery writers does it take to change a light bulb? Two: One to screw it in most of the way and another to give it a surprise twist at the end.
My dentist offered me dentures for only a dollar. It sounded like a good deal at the time, but now I have buck teeth.
What kind of dogs do magicians like? Labracadabradors
Why do frogs never park illegally? They are afraid of getting toad.
What’s a moth’s favorite stroke? The butterfly.
Why do spiders know everything? They get their information from the Web.
Where do sheep go on vacation? The Baaa-hamas.
What did the duck say after he finished dinner? Put it on my bill.
What do you call a snail on a ship? A snailor.
What writing utensil does a boar use in class? A pig pen.
What kind of lion doesn’t roar? A dandelion.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7,8,9.
How much does a pirate pay to get his ears pierced? A buck an ear.
What game do tornadoes play at parties? Twister.
What did the apple say to the kangaroo? Nothing. Apples can’t talk.
What awards do dentists receive? Plaques.
Who keeps the ocean floor clean? Mer-maids.
How did one wave greet the other wave? She waved.
Why are volcanoes so popular? They are lava-able.
What does a cow read every day? The moos-paper.
What is it called when a prisoner takes their own picture? A cell-fie.
What did one candy bar say to the other candy bar? I’ve got some Twix up my sleeve.
Why are circles bad at telling stories? Because they are pointless.
What has hands but can’t clap? A clock.
How did the man like to watch fishing tournaments? Live stream.
Why did the computer go to the doctor? It had a virus.
Why don’t dogs like walking in the rain? They are afraid of Poodles.
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw salad dressing.
Why are shrimp bad at sharing? They are shellfish.
What did the daddy buffalo say to his son when he left for camp? Bison.
Why did the cookie go to the hospital? He felt crumby.
Why are pirates bad at singing the alphabet song? They get stuck at C.
How can you tell when a vampire is sick? He’s coffin a lot.
What animal is always at a baseball game? A bat.
Where do pencils come from? Pennsylvania.
Why was the broom late for school? It over-swept.
Why are ghosts bad liars? You can see right through them. %%Halloween
Why was the man afraid of the calendar? Its days were numbered.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the work closet? Supplies!
Where do walls meet after work? The corner.
Where’s the best place to learn to make a banana split? Sundae school.
Why didn’t the bicycle stand up? It was two tired.
When is the best time to go to the dentist? Tooth-irty.
Why did the family sell their vacuum cleaner? It was collecting dust.
How did the cell phone ask his girlfriend to marry him? He gave her a ring.
Why can’t Monday lift Saturday? It is a weak day.
Which season do people get injured the most? The fall.
How do you keep a bagel from running away? Put lox on it.
What is a witch’s favorite subject in school? Spelling.
How do you fix a broken jack-o-lantern? With a pumpkin patch.
Why did the man run around the bed? He was trying to catch up on his sleep.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
Why are oranges so slow? They always run out of juice.
Where do math teachers love to take vacations? Times Square.
Why did the coach run to the bank in such a hurry? To get his quarterback.
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
Why didn’t the lady trust the stairs? She thought they were up to something.
Where do polar bears store their money? The snow bank.
What do you call cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese.
Why didn’t the man iron his four-leaf clover? He didn’t want to press his luck.
Why don’t pirates take a bath? They prefer to wash up on shore.
What fish has the most fans? Starfish.
Why should you never play hide and seek with a leopard? They are always spotted.
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? One you will see later, the other after while.
Why couldn’t the hamburger go into the bar? It didn’t serve food.
What type of tree can fit in your hand? Palm tree.
What did the lightbulb say to his girlfriend? I love you a watt.
Which vegetable does a pirate never eat? Leeks.
What body of water is the most detail oriented? The Pacific.
How did the puppies get across the lake? Doggie paddle.
What is a lazy person’s favorite shoes to wear? Loafers.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
Why do dads tell such corny jokes? They want you to groan up.
What animal should you never trust to tell the truth? A lion.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
Who was the fattest knight at King Arthur’s round table? Sir Cumference.
How come no one trusts atoms? Because they make up everything.
What did the baby computer call his father? Data.
Why shouldn’t you marry a tennis player? Because love means nothing to them.
How many apples grow on trees? All of them.
Where is a fruit’s favorite place to go on vacation? Pear-is!
What is the easiest way to get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswaggons.
Why was the math book crying? It had lots of problems.
Which part of the body can you always count on? Your fingers.
How can you tell a Dogwood tree apart from other trees? By its bark.
Which food tells the cheesiest jokes? Pizza.
What’s a knight’s favorite dish? Swordfish
How do you stop a bull from charging? Take away its credit cards.
What shoes do bananas like to wear? Slippers.
Why do golfers always pack an extra pair of pants? In case they get a hole in one.
How do you organize a party on Mars? You planet.
How do billboards talk to each other? Sign language.
What music do chiropractors listen to? Hip-pop.
Why can’t a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
What beans can you plant but never grow? Jelly beans.
Why couldn’t the pony sing at the talent show? She was a little horse.
What instrument can you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
What falls in winter but never gets hurt? Snow.
Why did the kids cross the playground? To get to the other slides. %%Cross the road
Why didn’t the teddy bear come down for dinner? He was already stuffed.
Why did the student eat his homework? The teacher said it was a piece of cake.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
I just watched all the Harry Potter movies back-to-back with a friend. It maybe wasn’t the best idea, because it meant I couldn’t see the TV.
How does a man on the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
How does Darth Vader like his bagels? On the dark side.
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
What is a calendar’s favorite food? Dates.
Why did the stadium get so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
What type of bear is toothless? A gummy bear.
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged.
I slept like a log last night. Woke up in the fireplace.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough.
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, Do you know how to drive this thing?
I’ll call you later. Don’t call me later, call me Dad.
Did you hear about the Italian chef who died? He pasta way.
What did the ranch say when someone opened the refrigerator door? Close the door, I’m dressing.
What did one hat say to the other? You go on ahead.
I just got hit in the head with a soda can. Thankfully it was a soft drink.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
Where do you learn to make a banana split? Sundae school.
What does a pampered cow produce? Spoiled milk.
What do you call a mac ’n’ cheese that gets all up in your face? Too close for comfort food.
Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it.
Why did the old man fall into the well? Because he couldn’t see that well.
What do you call a factory that sells decent products? A satisfactory.
Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it.
Within minutes, the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named the worst employee at the toy factory.
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word.
My friend says to me, What rhymes with orange? And I told him, No it doesn’t.
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They’re making headlines.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is.
What’s worse than when it’s raining cats and dogs? Hailing taxis.
Why did the nose feel sad? Because it was always getting picked on.
Why was the football stadium cold? There were too many fans.
Why did the deer go to the dentist? It had buck teeth.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
A slice of apple pie is $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the Bahamas. These are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
What do you call a rude cow? Beef jerky.
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
What is a funny mountain called? Hill-arious.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forest1.
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren’t going to work out.
What is the least spoken language in the world? Sign language.
My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. That’s my stepladder, he said. I never knew my real ladder.
Did you hear about the ATM that got addicted to money? It suffered from withdrawals.
I’m reading a horror story in Braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it.
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weak days.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.
Not to brag, but I defeated our local chess champion in less than five moves. Finally, my high school karate lessons have started to pay off.
So a vowel saves another vowel’s life. The other vowel says, Aye E. I owe you.
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs.
I would avoid the sushi if I were you. It’s a little fishy.
Five out of four people admit they’re bad with fractions.
When the grocery store clerk asks me if I want the milk in a bag, I always tell him, No, I’d rather drink it out of the carton.
Can February March? No, but April May.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this.
After dinner, my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it.
This morning, Siri said, Don’t call me Shirley. I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode.
Why couldn’t the green pepper practice archery? Because it didn’t habanero.
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs.
A guy walked into a bar and saw a horse serving drinks. The horse asks, What are you staring at? Haven’t you ever seen a horse tending bar before? The guy says, It’s not that. I just never thought the parrot would sell the place.
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. The judge asks her, First offender? She says, No, first a Gibson. Then a Fender.
I accidentally dropped my pillow on the floor. I think it has a concushion.
Someone complimented my parking today. They left a sweet note on my windshield that said parking fine.
St. Francis worked at Krispy Kreme. He was a deep friar.
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line.
In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart.
Some people can’t distinguish between etymology and entomology. They bug me in ways I can’t put into words.
My hotel tried to charge me $10 extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool.
Why do nurses like red crayons? Because sometimes they have to draw blood.
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique weapons collection. She denies it but I’m sticking to my guns.
Which U.S. state is famous for its extra-small soft drinks? Minnesota.
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? They just seem a little shady.
What did the policeman say to his belly button? You’re under a vest.
I’ve been bored recently so I’ve decided to take up fencing. The neighbors said they will call the police unless I put it back.
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems.
I don’t go to funerals that start before noon. I guess I’m just not a mourning person.
One of my favorite memories as a kid was when my brothers used to put me inside a tire and roll me down a hill. Those were Goodyears.
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help.
What does the cell say to his sister when she steps on his toe? Oh my toe, sis.
What do scholars eat when they’re hungry? Academia nuts.
What do you call an ant that has been shunned by his community? A socially dissed ant.
A Vicks VapoRub truck overturned on the highway this morning. Amazingly, there was no congestion for eight hours.
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs.
What do you call a potato wearing glasses? A spec-tater.
Where do young trees learn math? Elementree school.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, Sorry we don’t serve food here.
What do you call a guy with a rubber toe? Roberto.
What rhymes with boo and stinks? You.
How do you tell the difference between a bull and a milk cow? It is either one or the utter.
I got a hen to regularly count her own eggs. She’s a real mathamachicken.
What do you call a donkey with only three legs? A wonkey.
Did you hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road.
What do dogs and phones have in common? Both have collar ID.
When is a door not a door? When it’s ajar.
What do you call it when Dwayne Johnson buys a cutting tool? Rock pay-for scissors.
I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said, Never mind.
The past, present, and future walked into a bar. It was tense.
My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, I always have a few Twix up my sleeve.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
I wouldn’t buy anything with velcro. It’s a total rip-off.
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I’ll be suing ya.
What did one wall say to the other wall? I’ll meet you at the corner.
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
Wanna hear a joke about construction? Well, you’ll have to wait—I’m still working on it.
A guy goes to his doctor because he can see into the future. The doctor asks him, How long have you suffered from that condition? The guy tells him, Since next Monday.
What rock group has four men that don’t sing? Mount Rushmore.
Why is it a bad idea to iron your four-leaf clover? Cause you shouldn’t press your luck.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I’ll let you know.
I can’t take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
I didn’t want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime.
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast.
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
What happens when you go to the bathroom in France? European.
What’s the difference between a poorly-dressed man on a tricycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.
Last night I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg.
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere.
I was really angry at my friend Mark for stealing my dictionary. I told him, Mark, my words.
How does Moses make his coffee? Hebrews it.
What’s ET short for? Because he’s only got tiny legs.
Student: Can I go to the bathroom? Teacher: It’s ’may. Student: No, it’s January.
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes.
Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets.
My dog used to chase people on a scooter a lot. It got so bad we had to take his scooter away.
I just gave my too-weak notice at the gym.
That circus fire was in tents.
A guy walks into a bar and is immediately disqualified from the limbo contest.
Justice is a dish best served cold because it was served warm, it would be justwater.
I never buy pre-shredded cheese because doing it yourself is grate.
I used to run a dating service for chickens but I was struggling to make hens meet.
I wish the flu had started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
I used to work in a shoe-recycling shop but it was sole destroying.
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home.
I’m always getting sick during the week because I have a weekend immune system.
I used to play piano by ear but now I use my hands.
I have a great joke about nepotism, but I’ll only tell it to my kids.
I was playing chess with my friend and he said, Let’s make this interesting so we stopped playing chess.
Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns—that’s just how eye roll.
I’m so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed.
Spring is here and I got so excited I wet my plants.
If towels could tell jokes, I think they’d have a very dry sense of humor.
I spent a lot of time, money, and effort child-proofing my house… but the kids still got in.
My wife said I was immature so I told her to get out of my fort.
If the early bird catches the worm, I’ll sleep in until there are pancakes.
A witch’s vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom.
I’m starting a new dating service in Prague called Czech-Mate.
I sold our vacuum cleaner because it was just gathering dust.
It hurts me to say this, but I have a sore throat.
I don’t trust stairs because they’re always up to something.
The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
If two vegans get in a fight, is it still considered a beef?
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
I know a lot of jokes about retired people but none of them work.
I don’t play soccer because I enjoy the sport, I’m just doing it for kicks.
I invented a new word today: Plagiarism.
If an English teacher is convicted of a crime and doesn’t complete the sentence, is that a fragment?
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness?
My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo so I had to put my foot down.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet but that’s just nuts.
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids… I’m a faux pa.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
Why do Dads take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing? In case they get a hole-in-one.
Why couldn’t the astronaut land on the moon? Because it was full.
Why do dogs float in water? Because they are good buoys.
What kind of music did the pilgrims listen to? Plymouth rock.
What do you call a shoe made of a banana? A slipper.
What is the tallest building in the world? The library—it’s got the most stories.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbee-lievable.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
Why don’t skeletons ever go trick-or-treating? Because they have no body to go with.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
What do you call cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese.
What’s the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
Air used to be free at the gas station, now it’s $1.50. Do you know why? Inflation.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He Neverlands.
What’s a ninja’s favorite type of shoes? Sneakers.
What do Santa’s elves listen to as they work? Wrap music.
Did you hear about the bacon cheeseburger who couldn’t stop telling jokes? It was on a roll.
Why was the coach yelling at a vending machine? He wanted his quarter back.
Why do vampires seem sick? They’re always coffin.
You know people say they pick their noses… but I feel like I was just born with mine!
I got my best friend a fridge for his birthday. I can’t wait to see his face light up when he opens it!
When the grocery store checker asks me if I want my milk in a bag, I say no, I’d rather keep it in the carton.
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs!
I failed my driving test today. The instructor asked me, What do you do at a red light? I said, I usually check my emails and see what people are up to on Facebook.
I asked my dog what’s two minus two. He said nothing.
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this.
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got all of them cut.
My wife says nothing rhymes with orange. And I said, No, it doesn’t!
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it!
You can’t trust atoms. They make up everything!
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.
A rancher had only had 48 cows on his property, but when he rounded them up he had 50.
I went to the zoo and saw a baguette in a cage. The zookeeper said it was bread in captivity.
My wife said, You weren’t even listening, were you? And I thought, that’s a pretty weird way to start a conversation.
Last night I had a dream I was a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
Son: Dad, have you seen my sunglasses? Dad: No, have you seen my dad glasses?
Did you know the first French fries weren’t really cooked in France? They were cooked in Grease! (Greece)
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? He woke up.
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana…
A slice of apple pie costs $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the Bahamas. These are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, Can’t you just use a sponge?
I needed a password eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
Son: Dad, can I watch the TV? Dad: Sure, just don’t turn it on.
A man found a magic lamp with a genie that offered him three wishes. The man said, For my first wish, I’d like to be rich. Okay, Rich, said the genie. What would you like for your second wish?
6:30 is hands down the best time on the clock.
I went to see the doctor about my blocked ear. Which ear is it? he asked. 2018, I replied.
When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down…
I was wondering why this frisbee kept looking bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
Five out of four people admit they’re bad at fractions.
Within minutes the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere…
What do you call a fish with two knees? A tuna (two-knee) fish!
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
What does a house wear? Address! (A dress)
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway!
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
Why are pediatricians always so angry? Because they have little patients.
Where do you learn to make ice cream? At sundae school!
What kind of magazines do cows read? Cattlelogs!
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
How do you fix a pumpkin with a hole in it? With a pumpkin patch!
How do you spell candy with just two letters? C and Y.
What sort of room has no windows or doors? A mushroom!
Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they are shellfish!
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
What do lazy farmers grow? Couch potatoes!
How can you tell an alligator from a crocodile? By paying attention to whether the animal will see you later, or after a while.
What days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are week (weak) days!
What’s the leading cause of dry skin? Towels.
Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don’t work.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!
What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5,000 miles.
What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop!
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
Why can’t you eat Wookie meat? Because it’s too chewy…
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless!
What do you call a factory that makes okay products. A satisfactory.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little whine.
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it!
What do you call a bear that is missing his ears? B.
What’s a skeleton’s favorite dish at a BBQ? Ribs!
What did the proton say to the electron? Stop being so negative all the time!
What is heavy forward but not backward? A ton.
What has one horn and gives milk? A milk truck.
What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener!
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs.
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted.
How do moths swim? Using the butterfly stroke.
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? 10 tickles.
Do you know the story about the chicken that crossed the road? Me neither, I couldn’t follow it.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk!
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
How can a leopard change his spots? By moving.
What did the duck say when it bought chapstick? Put it on my bill!
What does a cow use to do math? A cow-culator.
What would bears be without the letter B? Ears.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course! Buildings can’t jump, silly.
What did the alpaca say to his date? Want to go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.
What do you get if you cross an angry sheep with a moody cow? An animal that’s in a baaaaaaaaad moooooooood.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? If they flew over the bay, they’d be called bagels.
What do you call a penguin in the White House? Lost.
What do you call a kangaroo’s lazy joey? A pouch potato.
Why are snails bad at racing? They’re sluggish.
How does a boar sign its name? With a pig pen.
Why should you never trust a carp’s excuse? They always seem a little fishy.
Where do baby cats learn to swim? The kitty pool.
Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold.
What’s brown and sounds like a bell? Dung!
What did the photon say when asked if she needed to check a bag? No thanks, I’m traveling light!
Did you hear that I’m reading a book about anti-gravity? It’s impossible to put down.
Did you know milk is the fastest liquid on earth? It’s pasteurized before you even see it.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
What kind of music do the planets listen to? Nep-tunes!
Why did everyone enjoy being around the volcano? It’s just so lava-ble.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
What did the big flower say to the tiny flower? Hey there bud!
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
What did Mars ask Saturn? Hey, why don’t you give me a ring some time?
Why can’t you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
Why shouldn’t you make fun of a paleontologist? Because you will get Jurasskicked.
What do clouds do when they become rich? They make it rain!
Want to hear a potassium joke? K.
Why are helium, curium, and barium the medical elements? Because if you can’t heal-ium or cure-ium, you bury-um.
How did the chemist feel about oxygen and potassium hanging out? OK.
When Silver Surfer and Iron Man team up, what do you call them? Alloys.
Why didn’t the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What did the Baby corn ask Mama corn? Where’s my pop corn?
Why couldn’t the sesame seed get off the hill? It was on a roll.
What kind of egg did the evil chicken lay? A deviled egg.
Why did the onion get flustered? It saw the salad dressing.
Why is the hot pepper the nosiest vegetable? It can’t help but get jalapéno space.
Why do crabs never share their lobsters? They’re shellfish.
What do Japanese monsters like to eat ? Raw-men
What do you call a happy camper? A Jolly Rancher.
Why are mushrooms always invited to parties? They’re a fungi.
What do you call a fancy seafood meal? So-fish-ticated.
What do you call a sad strawberry? A blueberry.
Why did the banana go to the hospital? He wasn’t peeling well.
What do you call a pig that knows karate? A pork chop.
Where do pancakes rise? In the yeast.
What is a mummy’s favorite food? Wraps.
What kind of fruit do you bring while sailing? Naval oranges.
What do frogs order at restaurants? French flies.
What do you call a fake noodle? Impasta.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
How do I look? With your eyes.
How do you get a country girl’s attention? A tractor.
Why is the cemetery so popular? People are just dying to get in there!
What was the child who wouldn’t nap guilty of? Resisting a rest!
Where do cows go for entertainment? To the moovies.
What did the zero say to the eight? Nice belt.
What do you call a pile of cats? A meow-tain.
What do you call a flea in France? A paris-ite.
What runs around a baseball field but never moves? A fence.
Why was the calendar afraid? Its days were numbered.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
Why didn’t the skeleton climb the mountain? It didn’t have the guts.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line.
What kind of car does an egg drive? A yolkswagen.
What’s the difference between a snowman and a snow woman? Snowballs.
Did you hear about the man who fell into an upholstery machine? He’s fully recovered.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
What did the fisherman say to the magician? Pick a cod, any cod.
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh!
What kind of noise does a witch’s vehicle make? Brrrroooom, brrroooom.
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
Why was the robot so tired after his road trip? He had a hard drive.
Did you hear about the power outlet that got into a fight with a power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
Why did the computer have no money left? Someone cleaned out its cache!
What’s a computer’s favorite snack? Microchips!
What do you call monkeys with a shared Amazon account? Prime mates.
Why should you never use beef stew as a password? It’s not stroganoff.
What do you call your grandma’s number on speed dial? Instagram.
What’s another name for an iPhone power cord? Apple juice.
What do you call a video game rematch? A Wii-match.
What do you call a TV vaccination? A screen-shot.
Why did the PowerPoint presentation cross the road? To get to the other slide. %%Cross the road
Why did the computer always play Someone Like You? It was a Dell.
Why did the laptop show up late to school? It had a hard drive.
What kind of internet page do you seek out when your eyes are tired of reading? A site for sore eyes.
What do you call an iPhone with no sense of humor? Too Siri-ous.
Why was the phone’s camera blurry? It had lost its contacts.
Why was the man fired from the keyboard factory? He wasn’t working with enough shifts.
Why couldn’t the computer buy a new pair of jeans? It had spent all its cache.
Why do smartphones ring? Because they can’t talk.
What kind of business would Yoda start? A Toy Yoda dealership
What do Gungans keep things in? Jar Jars.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for his birthday? He felt his presents.
What do you call Chewbacca when he has chocolate stuck in his fir? A chocolate chip Wookie.
Which Star Wars character works at a restaurant? Darth Waiter!
Where did Luke Skywalker buy his new arm? At the second hand store!
What does everyone call Darth Vader whenever he procrastinates? Darth Later.
What was Luke’s reaction to food made by baby Wookiees? It’s good, but it’s a little Chewie.
Did you hear about the Gungan who became a taxi cab driver? His name is Car Car Binks.
Why does Darth Vader always sound so angry when he breathes? He’s always venting.
What do you call Kenobi triplets? Obi-Threes.
What do you call C-3PO when he’s being a good listener? Hear-Threepio.
What was Luke’s secret codename before he got his mechanical limb? Hand Solo
Where would Darth Vader stay if he would settle down in the USA? The Empire State Building.
Why did the movies come out 4, 5, 6, 1, 2, 3? In charge of scheduling, Yoda was.
Why does Princess Leia keep her hair tied up in buns? So it doesn’t Hang So-low.
How often did my friend ride his DeLorean? From time to time.
What do you get when dinosaurs crash their cars? Tyrannosaurus wrecks.
What do you get when you put a car and a pet together? A carpet.
Why did the cop pull over the U-Haul van? He wanted to bust a move.
What do you call a Ford Fiesta that ran out of fuel? The Ford Siesta.
What kind of vehicle does an egg drive? A Yolks-wagen.
What did the traffic light say to the car? Close your eyes, I’m changing!
Why can’t motorcycles do push-ups? Because they’re always two-tired.
What kind of cars do cats drive? Catillacs.
What happened when the man crashed his expensive car? He found out how a Mercedes bends.
Why did the spider buy a sports car? So he could take it out for a spin.what is brown and stick? a stick
What is brown and stick? a branch
What do you call two witches sharing an apartment? Broom-mates!
What do witches’ cats like to eat for breakfast? Mice crispies!
Who turns the lights off on Halloween? The light’s witch.
What do you learn in witch school? Spelling.
Why was the broom late? It over swept.
How do you make a witch scratch? By taking away the ‘w’.
What do you call a nervous witch? A twitch.
Why couldn’t the little witch read her spellbook? It was written in curse-ive.
What do witches in Australia ride? Broomerangs.
What do you call it when witches are optimistic about the future? Witchful thinking.
What do you call a witch that lives in the desert? A sand-witch.
What is a witch’s favorite makeup? Ma-scare-a.
What do witches put on their bagels? Scream cheese.
What did the mother broom say to the baby broom? It’s time to go sweep.
Why did the witch go to the doctor? She had a dizzy spell.
Why is it good to drink witch’s brew? It’s very newt-tricious!
What do witches put on their hair? Scare spray.
Why are witches good at farming? Because they love occult-ivation.
How do witches play loud music? On their broom boxes.
What do you call a wreath of $100 bills? Aretha Franklin’s.
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It’s tearable.
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? 10 tickles
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!
Why did the lobster blush? Because it saw the ocean’s bottom!
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone? Yellow!
How do you make Lady Gaga mad? Poke her face.
Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they’re shell-fish.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
How do you make 7 even? Take away the s.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut.
My printer’s name is Bob Marley. Because it’s always jammin’.
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines. But catscan.
What kind of bird is always getting hurt? The owl.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What did the zero say to the eight? That belt looks good on you.
Who turns the lights off on Halloween? The light’s witch.
What do you learn in witch school? Spelling.
Why was the broom late? It over swept.
How do you make a witch scratch? By taking away the ‘w’.
hy did the witch go to the doctor? She had a dizzy spell.
Why is it good to drink witch’s brew? It’s very newt-tricious!
What do witches put on their hair? Scare spray.
Why did the brain go running? It wanted to jog its memory!
When does it rain brains? During a brain storm!
What is a sleeping brain’s favorite rock band? REM.
Why didn’t the brain want to take a bath? It didn’t want to be brainwashed.
How does a brain say Hello? With a brain wave.
What do you call a skull without 86 billion neurons? A no brainer.
Why did the brain go to the gym? To get some mental exercise.
Where do brains go on vacation? Braintree, MA.
Why did the brain visit a psychiatrist? Because it had a mental block.
What is a brain’s favorite kind of boat? A cranial blood vessell.
Why are sponges and brains similar? They both like to soak up material.
What did the man say after the elephant got off of his brain? That’s a load off my mind.
Why did the brain plant a garden? To grow some new ideas.
What is the best toothpaste for the brain? Neural Crest.
What do you call a hat for the brain? A thinking cap.
What is a brainy snake’s favorite subject? Neurosssscience.
What do you call two ducks and a cow? Quackers and milk!
Where do ducks go when they are sick? The ducktor’s office.
What’s a duck’s favorite taco topping? Quackamole! %%Cinco De Mayo
What time do ducks get up? The quack of dawn.
What do ducks carry their school books in? Quack-packs.
Why don’t ducks like reading directions? They prefer to wing it.
What’s a duck’s favorite vegetable? Eggplant.
What do ducks use to fix things around the house? Duck tape.
What should a duck wear to a fancy event? A duck-sedo.
What’s a duck’s favorite ballet? The Nutquacker.
What state do ducks live in? Duckota.
Why did the duck go to the chiropractor? To get it’s back quacked.
Why did the duck go to the bank? She wanted to get more bills.
Why did the duck get detention? He couldn’t stop quackin’ jokes in class.
What’s a duck’s favorite part of the news? The feather forecast.
What do you call a duck that breaks into people’s houses? A robber ducky.
What do you call a pirate that skips class? Captain Hooky!
How much did the pirate pay for his peg and hook? An arm and a leg.
Why does it take pirates so long to learn the alphabet? Because they can spend years at C.
Why don’t pirates shower before they walk the plank? Because they’ll just wash up on shore later.
How did the pirate get his Jolly Roger so cheaply? He bought it on sail.
What did the ocean say to the pirate? Nothing, it just waved.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
How do pirates prefer to communicate? Aye to aye!
How do ye turn a pirate furious? Take away the ‘P’.
Why did nobody want to play cards with the pirate? Because he was standing on the deck.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
What’s a pirate’s favorite type of exercise? The plank!
What do pirates say when they’re cold? Shiver me timbers!
We set sail on the high seas at the kraken of dawn.
Pirates don’t need to go on vacation. They get all the arrr and arrr they need at work.
Pirates are obsessed with being at sea. They’re aqua-holics.
Aye-ll have my own ship schooner or later.
Retired pirates love yoga because of all the ex-sailing.
Pirates show you affection by a kiss on the ships.
Seeing a pirate ship in person is truly oar-inspiring.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What did the zero say to the eight? That belt looks good on you.
What’s the best thing about Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus.
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They might crack up.
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut.
My printer’s name is Bob Marley. Because it’s always jammin’.
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines. But catscan.
What kind of bird is always getting hurt? The owl.
How do you get a country girl’s attention? A tractor.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
When should you buy a bird? When it goes cheep.
Where do birds invest their money? In the stork market.
What did the bird say when he forgot to revise for his test? I’ll just wing it.
What’s a parrot’s favourite game? Hide and speak.
What do you call a group of chickens playing hide and seek? Fowl play.
What do you get if a bird kisses you? A peck on the cheek.
Why did the chicken cross the playground? Because it wanted to get to the other slide. %%Cross the road
What do lawyers wear to court? Lawsuits!
Why did the elephant lawyer lose his case? Because his argument was irrele-phant.
A man sued an airline company after it lost his luggage. Sadly, he lost his case.
What do you call a priest who becomes a lawyer? A father in law.
8 vowels, 11 consonants, an exclamation mark, and a comma appeared in court today. They are due to be sentenced next week.
Lawyers really take the fun out of everything. Even Santa comes with a Clause. %%Christmas
What is a personal injury lawyer’s favorite dessert? A torte.
What kind of underwear do lawyers wear? Briefs!
Why don’t lawyers trust atoms? They make up everything.
What did the commanding partner name her first son? Bill!
How many lawyers does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they’d rather keep their clients in the dark.
What did the mountain climber name his son? – Cliff
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? – Pointless
What do you call a rabbit with fleas? – Bugs Bunny
Why was the bear a good fit for the job? – He had all the right koalifications.
How does a duck fart? – Through its buttquack or arsequack.
What did the bear say when his friends asked to hand out? – Sorry, I need to spend koalaty time with my family.
What do you call a sleepwalking nun? – A roamin’ Catholic
What do you call a cow with a twitch? – Beef jerky.
What do you call friends you like to eat with? – Taste buds.
Why did the bear need to take a break? – He just likes to paws and reflect. %%Animal
What is a bear’s favorite kind of chocolate? – Cadbeary Eggs. %%Easter %%Animal
What do you get when you cross a donkey and a zebra? Debra!
What has six legs, four eyes, two heads, and a tail? A man sitting on a donkey.
Who were the two best horse thieves in the world? Bonnie and Clydesdale!
What’s a donkey’s favorite party game? Pin the tail on the human.
What does a donkey do when you tell him a joke? He-ha’s.
What do donkeys send out near Christmas? Mule-tide greetings.
What do you call a horse who lives next door? Neighbor!
What do you get when you cross a donkey with a motorcycle? A Yam-Hee-Haw.
What’s a horse’s favorite sport? Stable-tennis!
What kind of medicine do you give a sick horse? Cough stirrup.
Why are donkeys, monkeys, and turkeys similar? They all have keys!
Where do newlywed horses stay after their wedding? In the bridle suite!
What do you call a camel with no humps? Humpfrey!
What do you call a camel that cries? A humpback wail.
What is sweet and walks across a desert? A caramel.
Where does a camel go after dinner? Straight for the desert trolley.
What is a baby camel’s favorite nursery rhyme? Hump-ty Dumpty.
Why do camels blend in so well with their surroundings? They use camel-flage.
What is Aladdin’s favorite tea? Jasmine and camel-mile.
What is a camel’s favorite day of the week? Hump Day!
Riding a camel really isn’t as hard as they say it is. Once you get over the first hump, the rest is easy.
What did the director of the desert movie say? Lights, camel-ra, action!
What do you call a camel that ate its brother? Camelbalism!
What do you call a frozen camel? Lost.
What is a camel’s favorite place to visit? Camel-bodia.
Where does a ghost go on vacation? Mali-boo. %%Halloween
When do cows turn into werewolves? During the full mooooooooon. %%Halloween
Why are vampires easily fooled? They’re suckers. %%Halloween
Why did Dracula take cold medicine? Because he was coffin too much. %%Halloween
What kind of horse do ghosts ride? A night-mare. %%Halloween
How do vampires get around on Halloween? On blood vessels. %%Halloween
Why don’t skeletons like Halloween candy? They don’t have the stomach for it. %%Halloween
How do ghosts send letters? Through the ghost office. %%Halloween
What do witches’ cats eat for breakfast? Mice crispies. %%Halloween
What’s it like to be kissed by a vampire? It’s a pain in the neck. %%Halloween
What do you get when you cross a vampire and a snowman? Frostbite. %%Halloween
Where do ghosts buy their food? At the ghost-ery store! %%Halloween
What room doesn’t a ghost need in a house? A living room. %%Halloween
What’s a vampire’s favorite fruit? Neck-tarines. %%Halloween
Why do ghosts like sales? They’re bargain haunters! %%Halloween
Why did the skeleton run away? Because a dog was after his bones. %%Halloween
What does a ghost mom say when she gets in the car? Fasten your sheet-belts. %%Halloween
How do witches play loud music? On their broom boxes. %%Halloween
What is a ghost’s favorite day of the week? Fright-day! %%Halloween
Where does Dracula keep his money? At the blood bank. %%Halloween
How did the zombie become great at trick or treating? Dead-ication. %%Halloween
What’s a vampire’s favorite ice cream flavor? Vein-illa. %%Halloween
How did the skeleton know it was going to rain on Halloween? He felt it in his bones. %%Halloween
What do you call two witches trick or treating together? Broommates. %%Halloween
What does a turkey dress up as on Halloween? A goblin. %%Halloween
What is a vampire’s favorite halloween candy? A sucker. %%Halloween
How do you know when a ghost is sad? He starts boo-hooing. %%Halloween
Where do werewolves store all of their Halloween candy? In a werehouse. %%Halloween
Who did Frankenstein go trick-or-treating with? His ghoul friend. %%Halloween
What do ghosts give out to trick-or-treaters? Booberries! %%Halloween
Why do vampires not want to become investment bankers? They hate stakeholders. %%Halloween
What kind of car does Frankenstein drive on Halloween night? A monster truck. %%Halloween
Why are vampires bad at art? They are only able to draw blood. %%Halloween
What is in a ghost’s nose? Boo-gers. %%Halloween
What does a panda ghost eat? Bam-boo! %%Halloween
What’s a ghost’s favorite dessert? I-scream! %%Halloween
What do witches put on to go trick or treating? Mas-scare-a. %%Halloween
Why don’t skeletons ever go trick-or-treating? Because they have no-body to go with. %%Halloween
Why don’t mummies take time off? They’re afraid to unwind. %%Halloween
What’s a ghost’s favorite ride? A roller-ghoster. %%Halloween
What did the skeleton wear to the Halloween party? A human costume. %%Halloween
What makes trick-or-treating with twin witches so challenging? You never know which witch is which! %%Halloween
How do you fix a broken jack-o’-lantern? With a pumpkin patch! %%Halloween
Why did the vampire read the newspaper? Because it had great circulation. %%Halloween
What’s a mummy’s favorite type of music? Wrap. %%Halloween
Why are graveyards so noisy? Because of all the coffin! %%Halloween
What do you call two spiders who just got married? Newly webs %%Halloween
Where do baby ghosts go during the day? To day-scare! %%Halloween
What do skeletons order at a restaurant? Spare ribs. %%Halloween
What’s a ghost’s favorite play? Romeo and Ghoul-iet. %%Halloween
How do ghosts wash their hair? With sham-boo! %%Halloween
Where do polar bears keep their money? In a snow bank!
Why are polar bears popular at parties? Because they know how to break the ice.
How do polar bears catch food? With their bear hands.
How do you know that a polar bear is happy? It gives a seal of approval.
What is a polar bear’s favourite type of fast food? Ice berg-ers.
What would you call a polar bear that loves to lie about in the sun? A solar bear.
What do you call a polar bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
Why do polar bears have thick coats? Fur protection.
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear.
When is a polar bear not a polar bear? When it is unbearable.
Why did the polar bear buy a compass? To get his bear-ings.
Why do Polar bears listen to indie songs? They like cool music.
What would you call a polar bear who is afraid of confined spaces? Claw-strophobic.
What did the fashion police say to the sweater? I’m going to pull you over.
Never talk to me about fashion. It just goes in one year and out the other.
What do you call a bigoted fashion designer? Clothes-minded.
I only wear clothes made out of paper. I guess you could call my fashion sense tearable.
Why did the mechanic have a bad fashion show? There was no time to change attire.
What’s the cheapest fashion? Freestyle.
What do you call a newspaper column that gives advice about fashion? An article of clothing.
Where do fashionable ghosts buy their clothes? A boo-tique. %%Halloween
Did you hear about the man brought in by the fashion police? They questioned him over his criminal ties.
What do Santa’s little helpers learn at school? The elf-abet. %%Christmas
What do snowmen call their offspring? Chill-dren. %%Christmas
How much did Santa pay for his sleigh? Nothing. It was on the house. %%Christmas
What’s the most popular Christmas wine? I don’t like Brussels sprouts! %%Christmas
What do you call a snowman with a six-pack? An abdominal snowman. %%Christmas
What did one snowman say to the other? Do you smell carrots? %%Christmas
What is the best Christmas present? A broken drum, you just can’t beat it. %%Christmas
How did the ornament get addicted to Christmas? He was hooked on trees his whole life. %%Christmas
What do you call Santa’s little helpers? Subordinate clauses. %%Christmas
What are the best Christmas sweaters made from? Fleece Navidad. %%Christmas
What does Santa suffer from if he gets stuck in a chimney? Claustrophobia. %%Christmas
What do reindeers say before they tell you a joke? This one’s gonna sleigh you! %%Christmas
What’s every parent’s favorite Christmas Carol? Silent Night. %%Christmas
Why did Santa’s helper see a therapist? Because he had low elf-esteem. %%Christmas
Why did the Grinch go to the liquor store? He was searching for some holiday spirit. %%Christmas
What do you call a bankrupt Santa? Saint Nickel-less. %%Christmas
Why do Christmas trees like the past so much? Because the present’s beneath them. %%Christmas
Where do Santa’s reindeer stop for coffee? Star-bucks. %%Christmas
What’s every elf’s favorite type of music? Wrap. %%Christmas
Why does Santa always enter through the chimney? Because it soots him. %%Christmas
What do you call a snowman that can walk? Snow-mobile. %%Christmas
What is Santa’s favorite place to deliver presents? Idaho-ho-ho. %%Christmas
Where does santa keep all his money? At the snow bank. %%Christmas
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite. %%Christmas
What’s the difference between the Christmas alphabet and the ordinary alphabet? The Christmas alphabet has No-el. %%Christmas
What do reindeer hang on their Christmas trees? Hornaments. %%Christmas
How is Christmas exactly like your job? You do all the work and some fat guy in a suit gets all the credit. %%Christmas
What kind of motorbike does Santa ride? A Holly Davidson! %%Christmas
Did you hear that Santa knows karate? He has a black belt. %%Christmas
Who delivers Christmas presents to sharks? Santa Jaws. %%Christmas
What do you call an obnoxious reindeer? Rude-olph. %%Christmas
What’s Santa Claus’s favorite type of potato chip? Crisp Pringles. %%Christmas
How did Scrooge win the football game? The ghost of Christmas passed. %%Christmas
Why are Christmas trees so bad at sewing? They always drop their needles. %%Christmas
Why did Frosty’s wife ask for a divorce? He was a total flake. %%Christmas
What did the beaver say to the Christmas Tree? Nice gnawing you. %%Christmas
Why does Santa have three gardens? So he can ho ho ho. %%Christmas
Why didn’t Rudolph go to school? He was elf-taught. %%Christmas
Who is Santa’s favorite singer? Elf-is Presley. %%Christmas
Why don’t reindeer like picnics? Because of all their ant-lures. %%Christmas
What did Santa ask Rudolph about the weather? Is it going to rain, dear? %%Christmas
What do elves post on Social Media? Elf-ies. %%Christmas
Why can’t penguins fly? They’re not tall enough to be pilots. %%Christmas
What’s green, covered in tinsel and goes ‘ribbet ribbet’? A Mistle-toad. %%Christmas
What do you get if Santa goes down the chimney when a fire is lit? Krisp Kringle. %%Christmas
Who hides in the bakery at Christmas? A mince spy. %%Christmas
How does Good King Wenceslas like his pizzas? One that’s deep pan, crisp and even. %%Christmas
What says Oh Oh Oh? Santa walking backward. %%Christmas
What do you get if you cross Santa with a detective? Santa Clues! %%Christmas
What do you call a kid who doesn’t believe in Santa? A rebel without a Claus. %%Christmas
How you can tell that Santa is real? You can always sense his presents. %%Christmas
What is Santa’s nationality? He’s North Pole-ish %%Christmas
How does Santa take photos? With a Pole-aroid camera, of course. %%Christmas
Why doesn’t Santa go to the hospital? He has private elf care. %%Christmas
What does Santa eat for breakfast? Frosted Flakes %%Christmas
Why did the Christmas turkey form a band? It had the drumsticks! %%Christmas
What do snowmen eat for breakfast on Christmas morning? Ice krispies! %%Christmas
What do gingerbread men have on their bed? Cookie sheets! %%Christmas
What’s red, white, and blue at Christmas? A sad candy cane. %%Christmas
Who is never hungry on Christmas Day? The turkey—it’s stuffed. %%Christmas
What makes a candy cane a collector’s item? It’s in mint condition. %%Christmas
What’s Santa’s favorite snack? Crisp Pringles. %%Christmas
How does a gingerbread man get around with a broken leg? He uses a candy cane. %%Christmas
Where do you buy a Christmas gift for your pig? Hamazon %%Christmas
What’s the most festive herb? Christmas thyme %%Christmas
What did Santa say on Christmas morning? That’s a wrap! %%Christmas
Why is a foot a good Christmas gift? It fits right in a stocking. %%Christmas
Why does a broken drum make a good Christmas present? It can’t be beat. %%Christmas
I can always predict what’s inside a Christmas present. It’s a gift. %%Christmas
How many presents can Santa fit in an empty sack? Just one. After that, it’s not empty! %%Christmas
What animal is best at wrapping gifts? Velociraptor %%Christmas
I tried wrapping gifts all by myself this year, but it’s not my gift. %%Christmas
Why couldn’t the teacher couldn’t find anyone to help her with her gifts? No one was present. %%Christmas
Buying presents this year is a bit of a tree-for-all. %%Christmas
What do you get when Santa brings in the presents and a fire is burning? Crisp Kringle. %%Christmas
My wife said if she didn’t like my Christmas gift she’d burn it. So I got her a candle. %%Christmas
What’s the scariest thing about the holidays? The ghost of Christmas presents. %%Christmas
What do you call Santa’s most impolite reindeer? Rude-olph. %%Christmas
What does Santa eat for breakfast? Frosted Flakes. %%Christmas
What’s red, white, and blue all over? A sad candy cane. %%Christmas
What do you call Santa when he’s wearing ear muffs? Anything, he can’t hear you. %%Christmas
What do snowmen call their offspring? Chill-dren. %%Christmas
Where does Santa cash his checks? At the snow bank. %%Christmas
What’s Santa’s favorite candy? Jolly Ranchers. %%Christmas
What’s a Christmas tree’s favorite candy? Orna-mints. %%Christmas
What’s red and green and flies? A sleigh-sick Santa. %%Christmas
What did one snowman say to the other snowman? Does it smell like carrots? %%Christmas
What do you call a pig pen in winter? A pig-loo. %%Christmas
Who delivers Christmas presents to cats and dogs? Santa Paws. %%Christmas
What do you call a snowman in the desert? An oasis. %%Christmas
What’s big and jolly and says, Oh, oh, oh? Santa Claus walking backwards. %%Christmas
Where does Santa stop for coffee? Star-bucks. %%Christmas
What do Christmas trees get when they go numb? Pines and needles! %%Christmas
What falls at the North Pole but never gets hurt? Snow! %%Christmas
What do snowmen wear on their heads? Snow caps. %%Christmas
Where do elves go to vote? The north poll. %%Christmas %%Election
Why can’t Santa say the alphabet? Because there is no L. %%Christmas
What does a gingerbread man use to make his bed? A cookie sheet. %%Christmas
How do Christmas trees get ready for a party? They spruce up! %%Christmas
Where do little trees go to become Christmas trees? Elementree school! %%Christmas
Why is a Christmas tree so bad at knitting? They have too many needles. %%Christmas
What does a stingy sheep say? Bah-humbug. %%Christmas
What does a bunny rabbit hang by the fireplace? Celery stalk-ings. %%Christmas
What do you get if you cross Santa with a duck? A Christmas quacker. %%Christmas
What’s Santa’s favorite type of music? Wrap. %%Christmas
What smells most on Christmas? Santa’s nose. %%Christmas
Which of Santa’s friends is the most chill? Jack Frost. %%Christmas
How is Christmas just like a day at the office? You do all the work and a guy in a suit gets all the credit. %%Christmas
How much did Santa’s sleigh cost? It was on the house. %%Christmas
Did Rudolph go to school? No he was ’elf’ taught. %%Christmas
What does Santa call the reindeer with no eyes? I have no eyed deer. %%Christmas
What did Mrs. Claus say to Santa when she looked up in the sky? Looks like rein, deer! %%Christmas
Which of Santa’s reindeer are dinosaurs afraid of? Comet. %%Christmas
Why is Santa scared of chimneys? Because he’s claus-trophobic. %%Christmas
How you can tell that Santa is real? You can always sense his presents. %%Christmas
What nationality is Santa Claus? North Polish. %%Christmas
Why did Mrs. Claus get mad at Santa? Because her husband was a flake. %%Christmas
Why are Christmas trees so fond of the past? Because the present’s beneath them. %%Christmas
What’s a reindeer’s favorite game? Stable tennis. %%Christmas
Why was Santa’s little helper so sad? He had low elf-esteem. %%Christmas
What do reindeer say before telling a joke? This one will sleigh you! %%Christmas
Who is Santa’s least favorite reindeer? Rude-olph. %%Christmas
How do you get into a reindeer’s house? Ring the deer-bell. %%Christmas
Why did Santa go to the liquor store? He was looking for holiday spirits. %%Christmas
What do you call Santa’s little helpers? Subordinate Clauses. %%Christmas
What kind of money do reindeer use? Bucks! %%Christmas
What do reindeer use to communicate? The antlernet. %%Christmas
What do reindeer hang on their Christmas trees? Horn-aments. %%Christmas
What do you call a reindeer on Halloween? A cariBOO! %%Christmas
Treat yo’elf. %%Christmas
We have great chemis-tree.
I once made a snowman laugh so hard, he made yellow snow. %%Christmas
I’ll never fir-get. %%Christmas
Let’s get elf-ed up. %%Christmas
Believe in your elf. %%Christmas
Have your elf a merry little Christmas. %%Christmas
Don’t get caught elvesdropping on Santa! %%Christmas
That holiday sweater is so ugly, the word ugly filed a defamation suit against it. %%Christmas
Get the elf out of here. %%Christmas
A round of Santa-plause, please. %%Christmas
Santa cleans his sleigh with Santa-tizer. %%Christmas
You know you overdid it on Christmas when aliens discover our planet, thanks to your light display. %%Christmas
Treat yo’elf. %%Christmas
Let’s get elf-ed up. %%Christmas
Believe in your elf. %%Christmas
Have your elf a merry little Christmas. %%Christmas
Christmas has me feeling extra Santa-mental. %%Christmas
Don’t get caught elvesdropping on Santa! %%Christmas
Get the elf out of here. %%Christmas
That holiday sweater is so ugly, it gives Stephen King nightmares. %%Christmas
Why shouldn’t you lend money to elves? They’re always short. %%Christmas
Did you hear about the ski trip? It started off fine, but went downhill fast. %%Christmas
Why do snowmen live at the North Pole? Because it’s cool. %%Christmas
Why shouldn’t you trust snowmen? They’re always up to snow good. %%Christmas
What did the ocean say when Santa flew over? Nothing. It just waved. %%Christmas
What do you call Santa when he’s on a break? A Santa pause. %%Christmas
Why does The Grinch enjoy gardening? He’s got a green thumb. %%Christmas
What’s a sheep’s favorite Christmas song? Fleece Navidad. %%Christmas
Do snow globes ever get scared? No, just shaken. %%Christmas
What did one Christmas tree say to the other? You need to lighten up. %%Christmas
Which of Santa’s reindeer has the best moves? Dancer. %%Christmas
What did one snowman say to the other? You smell carrots, too? %%Christmas
Did you hear about the snowman prom? It was a snowball. %%Christmas
What do snowmen eat for breakfast? Frosted flakes. %%Christmas
Where does Santa store his suit? In his Claus-et. %%Christmas
Did you hear about the angry snowman? It had a meltdown. %%Christmas
Who’s the snowman’s favorite rapper? Ice Cube. %%Christmas
What kind of music do elves listen to? Wrap music. %%Christmas
Did you hear about the anxious snowman? He needed to chill out. %%Christmas
Where do gingerbread men sleep? On cookie sheets. %%Christmas
Why don’t Christmas trees knit? They keeping dropping their needles. %%Christmas
Why is Santa so good at karate? He’s got a black belt. %%Christmas
Why do reindeer wear bells? Their horns don’t work. %%Christmas
What did one of Santa’s helpers say to the other? Let’s take an elfie. %%Christmas
What did Santa and Mrs. Claus name their daughter? Mary Christmas. %%Christmas
Did you hear about Rudolph’s rollercoaster ride? He held on for deer life. %%Christmas
What did one Christmas tree say to the other? I’m feelin’ pine. %%Christmas
How do you wish a dog Merry Christmas? Feliz Navi-dog. %%Christmas
What does Santa use to clean his sleigh? Comet. %%Christmas
Why does Santa use GPS? He doesn’t want to be a lost Claus. %%Christmas
What kind of salad do they serve at the North Pole? Iceberg lettuce. %%Christmas
Where does Santa stay on vacation? At a ho-ho-ho-tel. %%Christmas
What did one angel say to the other? Halo there! %%Christmas
Who says “Oh, oh, oh?” Santa Claus walking backward. %%Christmas
What should you expect at the end of Christmas Day? The letter Y. %%Christmas
Why do birds fly south for Christmas? It’s too far to walk. %%Christmas
What did the salt say to the pepper on Christmas? Seasonings greetings! %%Christmas
How much did Santa pay for his sleigh? Nothing. It was on the house. %%Christmas
Which of Santa’s reindeer has bad manners? Rude-olph. %%Christmas
Where do reindeer go if they lose a tail? The retail store. %%Christmas
What do you call Santa’s helpers? Subordinate Clauses. %%Christmas
What did Santa do when his sleigh broke down? He got it mistle-toed. %%Christmas
What did the cop say when he a snowman stealing? Freeze! %%Christmas
What does Santa eat for breakfast? Mistle-toast. %%Christmas
How can you tell if a snowman doesn’t like you? He gives you the cold shoulder. %%Christmas
What do you call festive ducks? Christmas quackers. %%Christmas
What did one snowman say to the other? You’re cool. %%Christmas
Why don’t mountains get cold in the winter? They have snowcaps. %%Christmas
Where do you find reindeer? I dunno, depends on where you left them. %%Christmas
What do you call a snowman with no arms or legs? A snowball. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Snow. Snow who? Snow one’s better than you are! %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Sandy. Sandy who? Sandy Claus is coming to town. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Mary. Mary who? Mary Christmas. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Holly. Holly who? Holly-days are my favorite. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Coal. Coal who? Coal Santa, it’s Christmas. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Ivana. Ivana who? Ivana candy cane. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Tree. Tree who? Tree wise men. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Donut. Donut who? Donut open the presents until Christmas. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Arthur. Arthur who? Arthur any more presents? %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Avery. Avery who? Avery Merry Christmas to you! %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Santa. Santa who? Santa Claus, duh! %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Yule. Yule who? Yule never know. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Norma Lee. Norma Lee? Norma Lee we have ham on Christmas. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Ken. Ken who? Ken you help me decorate the Christmas tree? %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Needle. Needle who? Needle money for Christmas shopping. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Allie. Allie who? Allie want for Christmas is you. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Gladys. Gladys who? Gladys finally Christmas. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Barry. Barry who? Barry Christmas to you! %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Icy. Icy who? Icy you. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Murray. Murray who? Murray Christmas to you! %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Water. Water who? Water you askin’ Santa for Christmas? %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Snow. Snow who? This is snow time for telling Christmas jokes. %%Christmas
Why can’t you shock reindeer? They’ve herd it all. %%Christmas
Where do snowmen keep their money? In snowbanks. %%Christmas
What’s the best Christmas gift to give? A broken drum. You can’t beat it. %%Christmas
How do sheep greet each other around the holidays? Merry Christmas to ewe. %%Christmas
What’s a Christmas tree’s favorite candy? Orna-mints. %%Christmas
Why is it always cold on Christmas? Because it’s in Decem-burr. %%Christmas
What did Santa say after returning to the North Pole? There’s snow place like home. %%Christmas
What did the Christmas tree say to the ornament? Wanna hang out? %%Christmas
How did the snowman pay for his groceries? With cold cash. %%Christmas
How does Jack Frost get to work? On a snowmobile. %%Christmas
What did one snowman say to the other? Did you pick your nose? %%Christmas
What did Santa say to the comedian? You sleigh me. %%Christmas
How do you invite Santa to a party? You request his presents. %%Christmas
Why did the snowman get detention? He was up to snow good. %%Christmas
What do you call someone afraid of Santa? A Claus-trophic. %%Christmas
What’s a cat’s favorite holiday song? Here Comes Santa Claws. %%Christmas
What did one Christmas tree say to the other? I’m pining for you. %%Christmas
Where do Christmas trees go to have fun? Tinseltown. %%Christmas
What do you tell someone you didn’t see on New Year’s Eve? I haven’t seen you for a year! %%New Year
Why do you need a jeweler on New Year’s Eve? To ring in the new year. %%New Year
What do snowmen like to do on New Year’s Eve? Chill out! %%New Year
What do you call someone who says they know all the words to Auld Lang Syne? A liar. %%New Year
Why did the man sprinkle sugar on his pillow on New Year’s Eve? He wanted to start the year with sweet dreams. %%New Year
Knock Knock. Who’s there? Radio. Radio who? Radio not, its a new year. %%New Year
Knock knock. Who’s there? Cheese. Cheese who? For cheese a jolly good fellow. %%New Year
This New Year I resolve to be less awesome... Since that is really the only thing I do in excess. %%New Year
I promise not to make any bad jokes for the rest of the year. %%New Year
What does a ghost say on January 1st? Happy Boo Year! %%New Year
What’s a cow’s favorite holiday? Moo Year’s Day! %%New Year
Why did Dracula pass out on New Year’s Eve? There was a count down. %%New Year
What does the man with no hair sing at midnight? Bald Lang Syne. %%New Year
What is a New Year’s resolution? Something that goes in one year and out the other. %%New Year
What is corn’s favorite holiday? New Ears Eve. %%New Year
What’s a cows favorite holiday? Moo Year’s Eve %%New Year
They say New York City has the best New Year’s celebration, but I say it’s overrated. Every year they drop the ball. %%New Year
Some astronauts wanted to have a New Year’s party on the moon, but they didn’t planet in time. %%New Year
What do farmers grow on January 1? New Year’s Hay. %%New Year
What’s the luckiest band to listen to on New Year’s Day? Black-Eyed Peas %%New Year
This New Year’s, try not to make any pour decisions. %%New Year
Why do you need a jeweler on December 31? To ring in the New Year. %%New Year
What does the little Champagne bottle call his father? Pop! %%New Year
I thought I got lost on New Year’s Eve, but then I found the Auld Lang sign. %%New Year
What did the kids say about the fireworks on New Year’s? They were a blast. %%New Year
Why did 2023 go by in a blur? My resolution must’ve been too low. %%New Year
Where did the chef celebrate New Year’s? Thyme’s Square. %%New Year
What did the bull say on January 1? Happy New Steer. %%New Year
Why did the woman start making breakfast at 11:59 p.m. on December 31? She wanted a New Year’s toast. %%New Year
The biggest reason to stay up until midnight on December 31 is to make sure 2023 leaves. %%New Year
Before I agree to 2024, I’m going to need to see the terms and conditions. %%New Year
My resolution for 2024 is to buy Bitcoin in 2011. %%New Year
Why should you stand on one leg on New Year’s Eve? To start the new year on the right foot. %%New Year
What did the dad say at 11:59 p.m. on New Year’s? No more jokes until next year. %%New Year
My New Year’s resolution was to read more, so I turned on the subtitles on my TV. %%New Year
I’m going to stay up late this New Year’s Eve—not to ring in the New Year, but to make sure this one leaves. %%New Year
My New Year’s resolution is to procrastinate. I’ll start tomorrow. %%New Year
Youth is when you’re allowed to stay up late on New Year’s Eve. Middle age is when you’re forced to. Bill Vaughan %%New Year
My New Year’s resolution was to stay out of shape. Maybe I won’t stick to this one either. %%New Year
I was going to give up all of my bad habits for the new year, but then I remembered that no one likes a quitter. %%New Year
Not to brag, but I already have a date for New Year’s Eve—it’s December 31. %%New Year
At the beginning of the year, I made a resolution to lose 15 pounds. Only 20 more to go! %%New Year
I’m not buying a 2024 calendar until I see the trailer. %%New Year
A phone and a firework were arrested on New Year’s. One was charged, the other was let off. %%New Year
Why does the person who runs Times Square feel like a failure? He always drops the ball. %%New Year
Where do you go to do your math homework on New Year’s Eve? Times Square %%New Year
What did the ghost say on January 1? Happy Boo Year %%New Year
Why did the man sprinkle sugar on his pillow on New Year’s Eve? He wanted to start the year with sweet dreams. %%New Year
What was the caterpillar’s New Year’s resolution? To turn over a new leaf. %%New Year
What do dogs say on New Year’s Eve? Woof. %%New Year
What did the friends say to each other at midnight on New Year’s Eve? I haven’t seen you since last year! %%New Year
What did the cat say on January 1? Happy Mew Year! %%New Year
See you later alligator %%Goodbye
Out the door, dinosaur %%Goodbye
Blow a kiss jelly fish %%Goodbye
Give a hug lady bug %%Goodbye
See ya soon baboon %%Goodbye
See ya later alligator %%Goodbye
In a while crocodile %%Goodbye
Good bye butterfly %%Goodbye
Gotta flee bumble bee %%Goodbye
Too-da-loo Kangaroo %%Goodbye
Take care, Teddy bear %%Goodbye
So long, ding Dong %%Goodbye
Gotta go, buffalo %%Goodbye
Take care, polar bear %%Goodbye
Until then, penguin %%Goodbye
Okee Dokee Artichokee %%Goodbye
Out the door dinosaur %%Goodbye
Hasta manana, iguana %%Goodbye
Why shouldn’t you trust a pastry chef on Valentine’s Day? Because he’ll dessert you. %%Valentine’s Day
What do you give your Valentine in France? A big quiche. %%Valentine’s Day
What do you tell a pig on February 14? Happy Valen-swine’s Day! %%Valentine’s Day
Do you have a date for Valentine’s Day? Yes, it’s February 14. %%Valentine’s Day
What did the tortoise say on Valentine’s Day? I turt-ally love you. %%Valentine’s Day
How did the squirrel get his Valentine’s attention? He acted like a nut. %%Valentine’s Day
How do you keep a jewelry store save on Valentine’s Day? You locket. %%Valentine’s Day
What do you call sweets that can keep a beat? Candy rappers. %%Valentine’s Day
What do you call a romance that starts at the aquarium? Guppy love. %%Valentine’s Day
How do vampires know if they had a successful Valentine’s Day? If it’s love at first bite. %%Valentine’s Day
Why should you date a goalie? She’s a keeper. %%Valentine’s Day
What did the painter tell his girlfriend? I love you with all my art. %%Valentine’s Day
What did the man with the broken leg tell his Valentine? I have a crutch on you. %%Valentine’s Day
What do you call a boomerang that won’t come back? A stick.
What does a cloud wear under his raincoat? Thunderwear.
Two pickles fell out of a jar onto the floor. What did one say to the other? Dill with it. %%Food
What time is it when the clock strikes 13? Time to get a new clock.
How does a cucumber become a pickle? It goes through a jarring experience %%Food
What did one toilet say to the other? You look a bit flushed.
What do you think of that new diner on the moon? Food was good, but there really wasn’t much atmosphere.
Why did the dinosaur cross the road? Because the chicken wasn’t born yet. %%Cross the road
Why can’t Elsa from Frozen have a balloon? Because she will "let it go, let it go."
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
Why did the kid bring a ladder to school? Because she wanted to go to high school.
What do you call a dog magician? A labracadabrador.
Where would you find an elephant? The same place you lost her.
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
What do you call two birds in love? Tweethearts
How does a scientist freshen her breath? With experi-mints.
How are false teeth like stars? They come out at night.
What building in your town has the most stories? The public library.
What’s worse than finding a worm in your apple? Finding half a worm.
What is a computer’s favorite snack? Computer chips.
What did one volcano say to the other? I lava you.
How do we know that the ocean is friendly? It waves. %%Beach
What is a tornado’s favorite game to play? Twister.
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
How do you talk to a giant? Use big words.
What animal is always at a baseball game? A bat. %%Sports
What falls in winter but never gets hurt? Snow. %%Winter
What did the Dalmatian say after lunch? That hit the spot. %%Animal
Why did the kid cross the playground? To get to the other slide. %%Cross the road
What do you call a droid that takes the long way around? R2 detour. %%Star Wars
Why did the cookie go to the hospital? Because he felt crummy. %%Food
Why was the baby strawberry crying? Because her mom and dad were in a jam. %%Food
What did the little corn say to the mama corn? Where is pop corn? %%Food
How do you make a lemon drop? Just let it fall. %%Food
What did the limestone say to the geologist? Don’t take me for granite.
Why does a seagull fly over the sea? Because if it flew over the bay, it would be a baygull. %%Beach
What kind of water can’t freeze? Hot water.
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
What do you call a dinosaur that is sleeping? A dino-snore. %%Dinosaurs
What is fast, loud and crunchy? A rocket chip.
Why did the teddy bear say no to dessert? Because she was stuffed.
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield. %%Food
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between us, something smells.
What did one plate say to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
Why did the student eat his homework? Because the teacher told him it was a piece of cake. %%School
When you look for something, why is it always in the last place you look? Because when you find it, you stop looking.
What is brown, hairy and wears sunglasses? A coconut on vacation. %%Beach
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday. %%Birthday
What’s the one thing will you get every year on your birthday, guaranteed? A year older. %%Birthday
Why do candles always go on the top of cakes? Because it’s hard to light them from the bottom. %%Birthday
What do cakes and baseball teams have in common? They both need a good batter. %%Birthday
What goes up but never comes down? Your age. %%Birthday
What does every birthday end with? The letter Y. %%Birthday
What did the tiger say to her cub on his birthday? It’s roar birthday. %%Birthday
Why did the girl put her cake in the freezer? She wanted to ice it. %%Birthday
Does a green candle burn longer than a pink one? No, they both burn shorter. %%Birthday
Why did the little girl hit her birthday cake with a hammer? It was a pound cake. %%Birthday
Why couldn’t the pony sing a lullaby? She was a little horse. %%Animal
What was the first animal in space? The cow that jumped over the moon. %%Animal
Why don’t elephants chew gum? They do, just not in public. %%Animal
What did the banana say to the dog? Bananas can’t talk. %%Animal
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles. %%Animal
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bull-dozer. %%Animal
How do you fit more pigs on a farm? Build a sty-scraper. %%Animal
What did the farmer call the cow that had no milk? An udder failure. %%Animal
What do you call a cow that won’t give milk? A milk dud. %%Animal
Why do fish live in salt water? Because pepper makes them sneeze. %%Animal
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk. %%Animal
Where do polar bears vote? The North Poll %%Animal %%Election
What sound do porcupines make when they kiss? Ouch! %%Animal
Why did the snake cross the road? To get to the other ssside. %%Animal %%Cross the road
Why are fish so smart? Because they live in schools. %%Animal
How do you save a dying pirate? C P arrrrrrr %%Pirate
What do you call a pirate who likes to skip school? Captain Hook-y! %%Pirate
What does a pirate name his dog? The Plank. That’s why he’s always walking The Plank. %%Pirate
Why can’t the pirates fire their weapons on Saturdays? They only cannon Sundays! %%Pirate
What do you call 3.14 men out at sea? ’Pi’-rates %%Pirate
How do ye turn a pirate furious? Take away the “p.” %%Pirate
Why is pirating so addictive? They say once ye lose yer first hand, ye get hooked! %%Pirate
Who gets all their movies for free? Pirates %%Pirate
Have you heard any good pirate jokes? Neither have ayeeee. %%Pirate
What’s a pirate’s favorite music genre? Arrrrrr & B %%Pirate
How do pirates communicate? Aye to aye! %%Pirate
How much did the pirate pay for his peg and hook? An arm and a leg %%Pirate
What happened when Bluebeard fell overboard in the Red Sea? He got marooned. %%Pirate
How does a pirate know they’re a pirate? They think, therefore they arrrrrrr! %%Pirate
Why does it take pirates so long to learn the alphabet? Because they can spend years at C. %%Pirate
What do you call a pirate mutiny? A conspira-sea! %%Pirate
Why don’t pirates shower before they walk the plank? They’ll just wash up on shore later. %%Pirate
Where do pirates go for a drink? The sandbar %%Pirate
How did the pirate get such a good price? He bought it on sail. %%Pirate
What’s a pirate’s favorite school subject? Arrrrrr-t %%Pirate
What kind of phone does a pirate have? An aye phone %%Pirate
Why are pirates always so healthy? They get such a good dose of vitamin sea. %%Pirate
Where can ye find a pirate who has lost his wooden legs? Right where ye left him! %%Pirate
What’s a pirate’s favorite musical instrument? The guit-arrrr %%Pirate
Why did the pirate go to the Apple store? He needed a new iPatch. %%Pirate
Why do pirates love binge-watching shows? They get hooked. %%Pirate
Why did the captain wear a suit and tie? He had a cor-pirate meeting. %%Pirate
Pirates are great at solving math problems. They are always trying to find out where X is. %%Pirate
What do you call a selfish pirate? Extremely arrrr-ogant %%Pirate
What did the pirate wear on Halloween? A pumpkin patch %%Pirate
What did the pirate say about his girlfriend? "She had me at ’Ahoy!" %%Pirate
Pirates make the best singers. They can hit the high sea notes with ease. %%Pirate
What does a pirate use a cell phone for? Booty calls %%Pirate
What’s a pirate’s favorite song? No song in particular—just the hook. %%Pirate
How much did the pirate pay for his piercings? A buck-an-ear %%Pirate
What did the pirate Santa Claus say? Row, row, row! %%Pirate
What’s a pirate’s favorite camera brand? Cannon %%Pirate
Why didn’t the ammo leave the pirate’s gun? It got stuck in the barrel. %%Pirate
Why did the alcoholic pirate stop drinking? Because he’d rum out! %%Pirate
What do ye call a pirate with two eyes and two legs? A rookie! %%Pirate
Why did the pirate go on vacation? He needed a little arrrr and arrr. %%Pirate
Why do pirates live life to the fullest? They know how to seas the day. %%Pirate
What did the pirate say when he became an octogenarian? Aye matey years old! %%Pirate
Why did the pirate get lost? He wasn’t shore which way to go. %%Pirate
What kind of grades did the pirate get in school? High Cs. %%Pirate
Why did the pirate always regale the crew with stories of his youth? Those were his most treasured memories. %%Pirate
Why did you join a band of pirates? Pier pressure. %%Pirate
What would you call a pirate with 4 eyes? An iiiirate. %%Pirate
Why did nobody want to play cards with the pirate? Because he was standing on the deck. %%Pirate
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck. %%Pirate
What’s a pirate’s favorite type of exercise? The plank! %%Pirate
When do pirates remove the anchor? At the kraken of dawn. %%Pirate
When do pirates get to eat cake? When they reach a dessert island. %%Pirate
What does a vegan pirate do in jail? St-arrrrr-ve. %%Pirate
Why was the pirate sad when his parrot left? It gave him the cold shoulder! %%Pirate
Why do pirates bury their treasure 18 inches under the ground? Because booty is only shin deep. %%Pirate
Where do one-legged pirates go for brunch? IHOP! %%Pirate
Why did the pirate pull out of the stock market? He was in shark-invested waters! %%Pirate
What do you call a pirate obsessed with drinking sea water? An aqua-holic %%Pirate
Where do pirates keep their valuables? In a jarrrrr %%Pirate
What did the pirate say when he left his wooden leg in the freezer? Shiver me timbers! %%Pirate
Why did the pirate want to run a marathon? He was sure his legs wood work. %%Pirate
What do you call a stupid pirate? The pillage idiot %%Pirate
Do pirates enjoy fighting? Sword of... %%Pirate
What did the pirate’s landlord say when he was evicted? Get out, you free-looter! %%Pirate
What did the pirate want to be when he grew up? He said he always wanted to be an arrr-chitect. %%Pirate
What do you call it when two pirates call it a draw? A stale-matey! %%Pirate
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot %%Pirate
Why’d the pirate join the gym? To improve his booty %%Pirate
How come you can never call a pirate? They always leave their phones off the hook. %%Pirate
What do you call the world’s smallest Valentine’s Day card?
A valen-teeny. %%Valentine’s Day
What did the stamp say to the envelope on Valentine’s Day? I’m stuck on you! %%Valentine’s Day
What did one volcano say to the other? I lava you! %%Valentine’s Day
What did the cucumber say to the pickle? You mean a great dill to me. %%Valentine’s Day
How did the phone propose to his GF? He gave her a ring. %%Valentine’s Day
What did the one sheep say to the other? I love ewe! %Valentine’s Day
And how did the other sheep respond? You’re not so baaaaaa-d yourself. %%Valentine’s Day
What did the farmer give his wife for Valentine’s Day? Hogs and kisses. %%Valentine’s Day
And what did the tweenager give his mom? Ughs and kisses! %%Valentine’s Day
What did one light bulb say to the other light bulb on Valentine’s Day?I wuv you watts and watts! %%Valentine’s Day
What do you say to an octopus on Valentine’s Day?I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand! %%Valentine’s Day
What do you call a ghost’s true love? Their ghoul-friend. %%Valentine’s Day
What do you write in a slug’s Valentine’s Day card? Be my Valen-slime! %%Valentine’s Day
Knock Knock Who’s there?Luke Luke who? Luke who got a Valentine! %%Valentine’s Day
Why is Valentine’s Day a good day for a party? Because you can really party hearty! %%Valentine’s Day
16. What kind of flowers should you NOT give on Valentine’s Day Cauliflowers! %%Valentine’s Day
What do owls say to declare their love? Owl be yours! %%Valentine’s Day
What did one bee say to the other? I love bee-ing with you, honey! %%Valentine’s Day
Knock Knock Who’s there? Olive Olive who? Olive you! %%Valentine’s Day
Why do skunks love Valentine’s Day? They are very scent-imental creatures. %%Valentine’s Day
What’s the best part about Valentine’s Day? The day after when all the candy is on sale. %%Valentine’s Day
What did the painter say to her sweetheart? I love you with all my art. %%Valentine’s Day
What did Robin Hood say to his girlfriend? Sherwood like to be your valentine. %%Valentine’s Day
Why did the sheriff lock up her boyfriend? He stole her heart. %%Valentine’s Day
What do you call two birds in love? Tweethearts! %%Valentine’s Day
What shade of red is your heart? Beat red! %%Valentine’s Day
What did one cat say to the other cat on Valentine’s Day?Don’t ever change, you’re purrrfect. %%Valentine’s Day
Why would you want to marry a goalie?Because he (or she) is a real keeper! %%Valentine’s Day
What type of shape is most popular on Valentine’s Day? Acute triangle. %%Valentine’s Day
Have you got a date for Valentine’s Day? Yeah, it’s February 14th. %%Valentine’s Day
What did Frankenstein’s monster say to his bride on Valentine’s Day? Be my Valenstein! %%Valentine’s Day
What flowers get the most kisses on Valentine’s Day? Tulips (two-lips). %%Valentine’s Day
Who always has a date on Valentine’s Day A calendar. %%Valentine’s Day
Knock knock! Who’s there? Atlas! Atlas who? Atlas, it’s Valentine’s Day! %%Valentine’s Day
What kind of candy is never on time? Choco-LATE. %%Valentine’s Day
Why was the rabbit happy? Because somebunny loved him! %%Valentine’s Day
Why don’t you ever date a tennis player? Because love means nothing to them. %%Valentine’s Day
What do girl snakes write at the bottom of their letters? With love and hisses. %%Valentine’s Day
What did one squirrel say to the other squirrel on Valentine’s Day? I’m nuts about you! %%Valentine’s Day
What did the raspberry say to his valentine? I love you berry much. %%Valentine’s Day
What’s the most romantic utensil? A fork because it has Valen-tines. %%Valentine’s Day
What Valentine’s message was on the honeycomb? Bee mine. %%Valentine’s Day
What did one oar say to another? Can I interest you in a little row-mance? %%Valentine’s Day
What are artichokes known for? Their hearts. %%Valentine’s Day
On Valentine’s Day, what did the calculator say to the pencil? You can count on me. %%Valentine’s Day
What kind of candy is always late on Valentine’s Day? Choco-LATE %%Valentine’s Day
What does a Jedi Master say on Valentine’s Day? Yoda one for me. %%Valentine’s Day
What did the magnet say to the paperclip? I find you very attractive. %%Valentine’s Day
What did the scientist say to their sweetheart? You must be made out of oxygen and neon because you are the ONe %%Valentine’s Day
What do elves do after school? Gnome-work. %%Christmas
What does Santa Claus keep on his mantle? Nick-nacks. %%Christmas
Where does Christmas come before Thanksgiving? In the dictionary. %%Christmas
Why is Santa such a good shopper? Because he makes a list, then checks it twice. %%Christmas
How do elves know how to make toys? They’re elf-taught. %%Christmas
How much does Santa pay his reindeer? Eight bucks. %%Christmas
How do elves produce toys so quickly? They make short work of it. %%Christmas
What did one snowman say to the other? I only have ice for you. %%Christmas
Why do wiener dogs love winter? They like to dachshund through the snow. %%Christmas
Why do reindeer have fur coats? Because they don’t fit into parkas. %%Christmas
What did the reindeer say to Santa? Nothing. Reindeer can’t talk. %%Christmas
What do you call a reindeer with only two legs? Eileen. %%Christmas
What do dogs sing at Christmastime? “Bark, the Herald Angels Sing.” %%Christmas
What do you call a reindeer with three eyes? Reiiindeer. %%Christmas
Why can’t Santa spell “elf?” Because he has noel. %%Christmas
Why did Santa go to the podiatrist? He had mistletoes. %%Christmas
What do you call a snowman who works out? An abdominal snowman. %%Christmas
Why don’t Santa’s elves like to share? They’re elfish. %%Christmas
What kind of bug hates Christmas? A bah humbug. %%Christmas
When is a boat just like snow? When it’s adrift. %%Christmas
What do you give your parents for Christmas? A list of everything you want. %%Christmas
What do you call a snowman on the move? A snowmobile. %%Christmas
What did the Christmas card say to the stamp? “Stick with me and together we’ll go places.” %%Christmas
How do Santa’s elves get around the North Pole? They ride icicles. %%Christmas
How does Santa avoid getting sick before Christmas? He uses hand Santa-tizer. %%Christmas
Why did the pony miss singing at the Christmas concert? It was a little horse. %%Christmas
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite. %%Christmas
What do snowmen wear to work? Snowsuits. %%Christmas
What does Santa use to settle his stomach? Orna-mints. %%Christmas
What do they call snowmen in Hawaii? Water. %%Christmas
Why did the woman wear one boot and one shoe? She heard there was a 50-percent chance of snow. %%Christmas
Why did Rudolph get braces? Because he had buck teeth. %%Christmas
Why did the snowman get a saxophone? He wanted to play cool jazz. %%Christmas
Why did Santa Claus sign up for Instagram? He wanted to have online presents. %%Christmas
How do Santa’s elves get to work? They drive minivans. %%Christmas
Did you hear Mrs. Claus got Santa a new refrigerator for Christmas? His face lights up every time he opens it. %%Christmas
Who delivers presents to baby sharks? Santa Jaws. %%Christmas
Why don’t they drink water at the North Pole? Because there’s noel. %%Christmas
Did you hear that Santa lost his wallet? Now he’s St. Nickel-less. %%Christmas
Which spice is the most festive? Christmas thyme. %%Christmas
Why do Christmas sweaters hang out together? Because they’re close-knit. %%Christmas
Did you hear that Santa adopted a dog from a blacksmith? As soon as he brought him to the North Pole, he made a bolt for the door. %%Christmas
What kind of bagel travels on Christmas? A plane bagel. %%Christmas
Why did Santa throw a clock out the window? He wanted to see time fly. %%Christmas
What did one Santa hat say to the other? You go on ahead. %%Christmas
What do elves eat for lunch? Santa-wiches. %%Christmas
Why does Santa have an accountant? Because he’s elf-employed. %%Christmas
What do you call a fake Santa? A faux Claus. %%Christmas
Why did the Little Drummer Boy put his drum to bed early? It was beat. %%Christmas
What do gingerbread men use when they break their legs? Candy canes %%Christmas
How did Scrooge win the soccer game? The Ghost of Christmas passed. %%Christmas
What do you call a snowman party? A Snow Ball. %%Christmas
What’s green, covered in tinsel and goes, "Ribbet, ribbet?" A mistle-toad. %%Christmas
What song does Beyoncé like to perform during the holidays? "All the Jingle Ladies." %%Christmas
What do reindeer use to decorate their antlers? Hornaments. %%Christmas
What’s Santa’s favorite candy? Jolly Ranchers. %%Christmas
What do elves learn in Kindergarten? The elfa-bet. %%Christmas
Why does Santa go down the chimney instead of through the front door? Because it soots him. %%Christmas
How do you hire Santa Claus? Put him on a ladder. %%Christmas
How many Christmas trees can you plant in the ground? All of them. %%Christmas
Why does The Grinch enjoy gardening? He’s got a green thumb. %%Christmas
Why shouldn’t you lend money to elves? They’re always short. %%Christmas
Did you hear about the ski trip? It started off fine, but went downhill fast. %%Christmas
Why do snowmen live at the North Pole? Because it’s cool. %%Christmas
Why shouldn’t you trust snowmen? They’re always up to snow good. %%Christmas
What did the ocean say when Santa flew over? Nothing. It just waved. %%Christmas
What do you call Santa when he’s on a break? A Santa pause. %%Christmas
What’s a sheep’s favorite Christmas song? Fleece Navidad. %%Christmas
Do snow globes ever get scared? No, but occasionally they get shaken. %%Christmas
What did one Christmas tree say to the other? You need to lighten up. %%Christmas
Which of Santa’s reindeer has the best moves? Dancer. %%Christmas
What did one snowman say to the other? You smell carrots, too? %%Christmas
Did you hear about the snowman prom? It was a snowball. %%Christmas
What do snowmen eat for breakfast? Frosted flakes. %%Christmas
Where does Santa store his suit? In his Claus-et. %%Christmas
Did you hear about the angry snowman? It had a meltdown. %%Christmas
Who’s the snowman’s favorite rapper? Ice Cube. %%Christmas
What kind of music do elves listen to? Wrap. %%Christmas
Did you hear about the anxious snowman? He needed to chill out. %%Christmas
Where do gingerbread men sleep? On cookie sheets. %%Christmas
Why don’t Christmas trees knit? They keeping dropping their needles. %%Christmas
Why is Santa so good at karate? He’s got a black belt. %%Christmas
Why do reindeer wear bells? Their horns don’t work. %%Christmas
What did one of Santa’s helpers say to the other? Let’s take an elfie. %%Christmas
What did Santa and Mrs. Claus name their daughter? Mary Christmas. %%Christmas
Did you hear about Rudolph’s rollercoaster ride? He held on for deer life. %%Christmas
What did one Christmas tree say to the other? I’m feelin’ pine. %%Christmas
How do you wish a dog Merry Christmas? Feliz Navi-dog. %%Christmas
What does Santa use to clean his sleigh? Comet. %%Christmas
Why does Santa use GPS? He doesn’t want to be a lost Claus. %%Christmas
What kind of salad do they serve at the North Pole? Iceberg lettuce. %%Christmas
Where does Santa stay on vacation? At a ho-ho-ho-tel. %%Christmas
What did one angel say to the other? Halo there! %%Christmas
Who says “Oh, oh, oh?” Santa Claus walking backward. %%Christmas
What should you expect at the end of Christmas Day? The letter Y. %%Christmas
Why do birds fly south for Christmas? It’s too far to walk. %%Christmas
What did the salt say to the pepper on Christmas? Seasonings greetings! %%Christmas
How much did Santa pay for his sleigh? Nothing. It was on the house. %%Christmas
Which of Santa’s reindeer has bad manners? Rude-olph. %%Christmas
Where do reindeer go if they lose a tail? The retail store. %%Christmas
What do you call Santa’s helpers? Subordinate Clauses. %%Christmas
What did Santa do when his sleigh broke down? He got it mistle-toed. %%Christmas
What did the cop say when he a snowman stealing? Freeze! %%Christmas
What does Santa eat for breakfast? Mistle-toast. %%Christmas
How can you tell if a snowman doesn’t like you? He gives you the cold shoulder. %%Christmas
What do you call festive ducks? Christmas quackers. %%Christmas
What did one snowman say to the other? You’re cool. %%Christmas
Why don’t mountains get cold in the winter? They have snowcaps. %%Christmas
Where do you find reindeer? I dunno, depends on where you left them. %%Christmas
What do you call a snowman with no arms or legs? A snowball. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Snow. Snow who? Snow one’s better than you are! %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Sandy. Sandy who? Sandy Claus is coming to town. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Mary. Mary who? Mary Christmas. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Holly. Holly who? Holly-days are my favorite. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Coal. Coal who? Coal Santa, it’s Christmas. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Ivana. Ivana who? Ivana candy cane. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Tree. Tree who? Tree wise men. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Donut. Donut who? Donut open the presents until Christmas. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Arthur. Arthur who? Arthur any more presents? %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Avery. Avery who? Avery Merry Christmas to you! %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Santa. Santa who? Santa Claus, duh! %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Yule. Yule who? Yule never know. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Ken. Ken who? Ken you help me decorate the Christmas tree? %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Needle. Needle who? Needle money for Christmas shopping. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Allie. Allie who? Allie want for Christmas is you. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Gladys. Gladys who? Gladys finally Christmas. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Barry. Barry who? Barry Christmas to you! %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Norma Lee. Norma Lee? Norma Lee we have ham on Christmas. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Icy. Icy who? Icy you. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Murray. Murray who? Murray Christmas to you! %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Water. Water who? Water you askin’ Santa for Christmas? %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Snow. Snow who? This is snow time for telling Christmas jokes. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Why can’t you surprise reindeer? Because they’ve herd it all. %%Christmas
Where do snowmen keep their money? In snowbanks. %%Christmas
What’s the best Christmas gift to give? A broken drum. You can’t beat it. %%Christmas
How do sheep greet each other around the holidays? Merry Christmas to ewe. %%Christmas
What’s a Christmas tree’s favorite candy? Orna-mints. %%Christmas
Why is it always cold on Christmas? Because it’s in Decem-burr. %%Christmas
What did Santa say after returning to the North Pole? There’s snow place like home. %%Christmas
What did the Christmas tree say to the ornament? Wanna hang out? %%Christmas
How did the snowman pay for his groceries? With cold cash. %%Christmas
How does Jack Frost get to work? On a snowmobile. %%Christmas
What did one snowman say to the other? Did you pick your nose? %%Christmas
What did Santa say to the comedian? You sleigh me. %%Christmas
How do you invite Santa to a party? You request his presents. %%Christmas
Why did the snowman get detention? He was up to snow good. %%Christmas
What do you call someone afraid of Santa? A Claus-trophic. %%Christmas
What’s a cat’s favorite holiday song? “Here Comes Santa Claws.” %%Christmas
What did one Christmas tree say to the other? I’m pining for you. %%Christmas
Where do Christmas trees go to have fun? Tinseltown. %%Christmas
What kind of key doesn’t open a door? A tur-key. %%Thanksgiving
How many cooks do you need to stuff a turkey? Just one, but sometimes they don’t fit. %%Thanksgiving
What do you get when you drop a pumpkin? Squash. %%Thanksgiving
What’s a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries. %%Thanksgiving
What happens when winter arrives early? Autumn leaves. %%Thanksgiving
What did one pumpkin pie say to the other? You’re gourd-ous. %%Thanksgiving
Why do birds fly south after Thanksgiving? Because it’s too far to walk. %%Thanksgiving
How do leaves get to Thanksgiving dinner? By autumn-mobile. %%Thanksgiving
What do cows do on Thanksgiving? They go to the moo-vies. %%Thanksgiving
Where do you find a turkey with no legs? Exactly where you left it. %%Thanksgiving
What are turkeys thankful for on Thanksgiving? Vegetarians. %%Thanksgiving
How many bakers does it take to make a pie? 3.14. %%Thanksgiving
I love telling Thanksgiving puns. That’s just how eye roll. %%Thanksgiving
What comes at the beginning of parades? The letter “p.” %%Thanksgiving
What’s a vampire’s favorite holiday? Fangs-giving. %%Thanksgiving
Did you hear about the turkey that plays baseball? He covers first baste. %%Thanksgiving
What did the ocean say when it saw the Mayflower crossing? Nothing. It just waved. %%Thanksgiving
Did you hear about the Thanksgiving engagement ring? It’s 24 carrots. %%Thanksgiving
How do you hire a turkey? Put it on a ladder. %%Thanksgiving
What do math teachers eat on Thanksgiving? Pumpkin pi. %%Thanksgiving
How do little pumpkins cross the road? With a crossing gourd. %%Thanksgiving %%Cross the road
What kind of bagel travels on Thanksgiving? A plain bagel. %%Thanksgiving
What did the autumn leaf say to the tree? “I’m falling for you.” %%Thanksgiving
What should you expect at the end of Thanksgiving? The letter “g.” %%Thanksgiving
What did the scarecrow wear to Thanksgiving? A har-vest. %%Thanksgiving
What’s the best way to fix a broken pumpkin? Use a pumpkin patch. %%Thanksgiving
Why did the Pilgrim go to the beach? She wanted to get a puri-tan. %%Thanksgiving
Why are Pilgrims’ pants always falling down? Because they wear their buckles on their hats. %%Thanksgiving
What did the Pilgrims use to make cookies on Thanksgiving? May flour. %%Thanksgiving
Where did the Pilgrims stand after landing on Plymouth Rock? On their feet. %%Thanksgiving
What’s a Pilgrim’s favorite dance? The Turkey Trot. %%Thanksgiving
What kind of music do Pilgrims listen to? Plymouth rock. %%Thanksgiving
How do Pilgrims kick a bad habit? They stop cold turkey. %%Thanksgiving
Why don’t Pilgrims tell secrets in the cornfield? There are too many ears around. %%Thanksgiving
What do you need to make Thanksgiving s’mores? Pil-grahams. %%Thanksgiving
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims. %%Thanksgiving
Did you hear about pumpkin pie that apologized to the Pilgrim? It was a piece offering. %%Thanksgiving
What’s the best way to stuff a turkey? Serve it pizza and ice cream. %%Thanksgiving
What’s blue and covered in feathers? A turkey holding its breath. %%Thanksgiving
What does the turkey do on the computer? Google, Google! %%Thanksgiving
What do you call a turkey the day after Thanksgiving? Lucky! %%Thanksgiving
What did the Thanksgiving turkey say to the Christmas ham? Nice to meat you. %%Thanksgiving
Did you hear about the turkey who lost his left leg? He’s all right now. %%Thanksgiving
What do you call a turkey on the run? Fast food. %%Thanksgiving
Did you hear about the turkey fight? He got the stuffing knocked out of him. %%Thanksgiving
Did you hear about the turkey who went to jail? It was arrested for fowl play. %%Thanksgiving
Why did the turkey refuse to eat dinner? It was stuffed. %%Thanksgiving
What do you get when you cross a turkey with a banjo? A turkey that can pluck itself. %%Thanksgiving
Why did the turkey get detention? It used fowl language. %%Thanksgiving
Did you hear the one about the rude turkey? It was jerk-y. %%Thanksgiving
How do turkeys search the internet? They use Gobble. %%Thanksgiving
Why did the turkey cross the road? It was following the chicken. %%Thanksgiving %%Cross the road
Why was the turkey expelled from the game? It committed a fowl. %%Thanksgiving
Why didn’t the chef season the turkey? There wasn’t enough thyme. %%Thanksgiving
How did the turkey get home for Thanksgiving? It took the gravy train. %%Thanksgiving
What do turkeys use to serve wine? A gob-let. %%Thanksgiving
Did you hear about the turkey haunted house? It had a poultry-geist. %%Thanksgiving
What does a limping turkey say? “Wobble, wobble.” %%Thanksgiving
What do you call a turkey on the run? Fast food. %%Thanksgiving
Did you hear about the turkey fight? He got the stuffing knocked out of him. %%Thanksgiving
What’s a turkey’s favorite dessert? Apple gobbler. %%Thanksgiving
Why did the turkey become a percussionist? It already had the drumsticks. %%Thanksgiving
What do turkeys say on Thanksgiving? “Moo.” %%Thanksgiving
Did you hear about the turkey who went to jail? It was arrested for fowl play. %%Thanksgiving
Did you hear about the turkey prom? It was a Butterball. %%Thanksgiving
What did one turkey say to the other? “Let’s get basted!” %%Thanksgiving
Why do so many people eat potatoes on Thanksgiving? Because they’ve got a-peel. %%Thanksgiving
Why did the stuffing cross the road? To get to the other sides. %%Thanksgiving %%Cross the road
What is stuffing’s favorite song? “Hit Me, Baby, One More Thyme” %%Thanksgiving
How do potatoes cross the sea? On gravy boats. %%Thanksgiving %%Cross the road
Why is corn so popular on Thanksgiving? Because it’s a-maize-ing. %%Thanksgiving
What did one pumpkin pie say to the other? “You wanna piece of me?” %%Thanksgiving
What do you call a sad cranberry? A blueberry. %%Thanksgiving
What happens when potatoes drink too much? They get mashed. %%Thanksgiving
Why did the cranberry blush? It saw the turkey dressing. %%Thanksgiving
What did the shocked pumpkin say to the squash? “Oh my gourd!” %%Thanksgiving
Why did the Brussels sprout cross the road? It saw a fork up ahead. %%Thanksgiving %%Cross the road
Why are rutabagas so popular at Thanksgiving dinner? Because they know how to turnip a good beet. %%Thanksgiving
What do sweet potatoes wear to bed? Yammies. %%Thanksgiving
What did the carrot say to the celery? Stop stalking me! %%Thanksgiving
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Norma Lee. Norma Lee who? Norma Lee I don’t eat this much. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Arthur. Arthur who? Arthur any more cranberries? %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Annie. Annie who? Annie body want pumpkin pie? %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Argue. Argue who? Argue going to pass the gravy or what? %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Gwen. Gwen who? Gwen is Thanksgiving dinner? I’m hungry! %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Dewey. Dewey who? Dewey have to sit at the kid’s table again? %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Dozen. Dozen who? Dozen anybody else want pie? %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Mustache. Mustache who? I mustache you to carve the turkey. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Aida. Aida who? Aida lot of food and now I’m stuffed. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Noah. Noah who? Noah good pumpkin pie recipe? %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Harry. Harry who? Harry up, I’m hungry! %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Holly. Holly who? Holly-days are the best time of year. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Orange. Orange who? Orange you going to pass the gravy? %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Anita. Anita who? Anita nap, I ate too much. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Hatch. Hatch who? Sorry you’ve got a cold on Thanksgiving! %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Justin. Justin who? Justin time for dessert. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Lettuce. Lettuce who? Lettuce in, it’s Thanksgiving. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Anita. Anita who? Anita bigger pair of pants, I ate too much pumpkin pie. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? A herd. A herd who? A herd you were hosting Thanksgiving this year. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Tanks. Tanks who? Tanksgiving is here! %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
My father spilled invisible ink all over himself. He’s at the hospital waiting to be seen. %%Fathers Day
My dad quit his job as an archeologist. Now his career is in ruins. %%Fathers Day
The last time my dad played baseball he got arrested. Apparently he tried to steal second base. %%Fathers Day
My dad’s computer caught a cold. He must have left a window open. %%Fathers Day
My dad said he wanted something groundbreaking for Father’s Day. So I got him a shovel. %%Fathers Day
Did you hear about the father who cut off his left leg? He’s all right now. %%Fathers Day
I never liked my dad’s facial hair. But now it’s starting to grow on me. %%Fathers Day
My dad bought a pair of camouflage pants. Now I can’t find him. %%Fathers Day
My father doesn’t like trees. He thinks they’re shady. %%Fathers Day
For Father’s Day, my dad asked for a gift with no strings attached. So I bought him a broken guitar. %%Fathers Day
Why did the grandpa throw a clock out the window? He wanted to see time fly. %%Fathers Day
I got my dad a book about glue once. He couldn’t put it down. %%Fathers Day
My dad won’t play cards in the jungle. He says there are too many cheetahs. %%Fathers Day
My grandfather got fired from the keyboard factory. He wasn’t putting in enough shifts. %%Fathers Day
My dad wanted to listen to music while we were fishing. So I put on something catchy. %%Fathers Day
What did the papa cow say to the baby cow? It’s pasture bedtime. %%Fathers Day
My dad really loves math. And then sum. %%Fathers Day
What did the cheerleader serve for Father’s Day breakfast? Cheerios. %%Fathers Day
What do lobsters do on Father’s Day? Shellabrate their dads. %%Fathers Day
Where do cows go on dates? The moo-vies. %%Fathers Day
What does the pig give his dad for Father’s Day? Lots of hogs and kisses. %%Fathers Day
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck. %%Fathers Day
When is a door not a door? When it’s ajar. %%Fathers Day
Why did the football coach go to the bank? He wanted to get his quarter back. %%Fathers Day
What do you call a moose with no name? Anonymoose. %%Fathers Day
Where do cows get their clothes? From cattle-logs. %%Fathers Day
My father used to be afraid of hurdles. But he got over it. %%Fathers Day
Why didn’t the sun go to college? It already had a million degrees. %%Fathers Day
Why can’t you borrow money from elves? They’re always a little short. %%Fathers Day
How do trains eat? They choo-choo. %%Fathers Day
Why don’t leopards play hide-and-go-seek? They’re always spotted. %%Fathers Day
How do Eskimos fix broken dishes? With igloo. %%Fathers Day
Why did the belt go to jail? It held up a pair of pants. %%Fathers Day
What’s the downside to birthdays? Too many will kill you. %%Fathers Day
What do you call a rude cow? Beef jerky. %%Fathers Day
Why do golfers always have an extra pair of pants? In case they get a hole in one. %%Fathers Day
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. Summer wasn’t bad either. %%Fathers Day
Why shouldn’t you argue with a dinosaur? You’ll get jurasskicked. %%Fathers Day
What do you call a dad who falls through the ice? A pop-sicle. %%Fathers Day
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is! %%Fathers Day
What did the baby otter say to its dad? You are a dad like no otter. %%Fathers Day
What has more letters than the alphabet? The post office. %%Fathers Day
When does a joke become a dad joke? When the punchline is apparent! %%Fathers Day
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Never-lands. %%Fathers Day
What did the accountant say while auditing a document? This is taxing. %%Fathers Day
Why did the orange stop halfway across the road? It ran out of juice. %%Fathers Day %%Cross the road
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling. %%Fathers Day
How do pigs wake up their dad on Father’s Day? With plenty of hogs and kisses. %%Fathers Day
Why are fish so smart? Because they swim in schools. %%Fathers Day
Why should you never use a dull pencil? Because it’s pointless. %%Fathers Day
Did you hear about the cheese factory that got blown up? Da brie was everywhere. %%Fathers Day
How do you identify a dogwood tree? By its bark. %%Fathers Day
How do you make Lady Gaga cry? Poker face! %%Fathers Day
I just invented a car that runs on herbs… I think I invented thyme travel. %%Fathers Day
What do you call fake spaghetti? Impasta! %%Fathers Day
What do you call someone who isn’t a dad but tells dad jokes? A faux pa. %%Fathers Day
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear. %%Fathers Day
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field. %%Fathers Day
I saw a guy at the bank checking his balance so I pushed him over. %%Fathers Day
Did you hear about the yacht builder that had to work from home? His sails went through the roof. %%Fathers Day
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing. It just waved. %%Summer
Why aren’t lobsters generous? Because they’re shellfish %%Summer
Where do birds stay when they go on vacation? Someplace cheep. %%Summer
Did you hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road. %%Summer
Did you hear about the dog who wears a swimsuit? Apparently, it looks quite fetching. %%Summer
Why don’t seashells take baths? Because they wash up on the beach. %%Summer
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a fish? Swimming trunks. %%Summer
What happens when ice cream gets angry? It has a meltdown. %%Summer
Did you hear about the sunflower that was excited for summer? It wet its plants. %%Summer
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock. %%Summer
What do you call an anxious mosquito? A jitterbug. %%Summer
How many blueberries can you grow on a bush? All of them. %%Summer
What did the tree say when summer finally arrived? What a re-leaf. %%Summer
What can cause dry skin after being in a swimming pool? A towel. %%Summer
What sits on the seabed and has anxiety? A nervous wreck. %%Summer
Why did the whale blush? It saw the ocean’s bottom. %%Summer
What kind of sandals do frogs wear? Open-toad. %%Summer
Why do bananas wear sunscreen? Because they peel. %%Summer
Why did the watch go on vacation? To unwind. %%Summer
Why did the baseball player get arrested? He stole third base. %%Summer
How do celebrities stay cool in the summer? They have many fans. %%Summer
Why didn’t the sun go to college? It already had a million degrees. %%Summer
Why is the ocean so clean? It has mer-maids. %%Summer
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants to the course? In case he got a hole in one. %%Summer
What kind of scientists avoid the sun? Paleontologists. %%Summer
Why did the beach get angry? Because it noticed the sea weed. %%Summer
Did you hear about the killer whale that learned to play the flute? He wanted to be in the orca-stra. %%Summer
Why don’t insects get sick? They have anty-bodies. %%Summer
Have you ever been camping? It’s in tents. %%Summer
What do fish use to buy groceries? Sand dollars %%Summer
Why couldn’t the bike stand up? It was two-tired. %%Summer
What kind of witch goes to the beach? A sandwich. %%Summer
When is a pool safe for diving? It deep ends. %%Summer
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk. %%Summer
What happens to cows that get too much sun? They turn into evaporated milk %%Summer
Knock, knock! Who’s there? S’more. S’more who? S’more jokes on the way. %%Summer
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Ken. Ken who? Ken you take me to the beach? %%Summer
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Alotta. Alotta who? Alotta sunshine is what you can expect in the summertime. %%Summer
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Anita. Anita who? Anita put on sunscreen so I don’t get burned. %%Summer
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Ketchup. Ketchup who? I’ll ketchup with you in the fall. %%Summer
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Teddy. Teddy who? Teddy is the first day of summer. %%Summer
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Sia. Sia who? Sia at the beach. %%Summer
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Some bunny. Some bunny who? Some bunny who can’t wait to go on vacation. %%Summer
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Harmony. Harmony who? Harmony days until summer? %%Summer
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Noah. Noah who? Noah good place to get sunglasses? %%Summer
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Wren. Wren who? Wren are we going to the pool? %%Summer
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Jewel. Jewel who? Jewel be happy to know that summer’s finally here. %%Summer
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Ice cream. Ice cream who? Ice cream whenever I see a mosquito. %%Summer
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Will. Will who? Will you tell me if it looks like I’m getting a tan? %%Summer
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Hike. Hike who? I didn’t know you wrote poetry. %%Summer
What do you call a stylish cat? A dandy lion. %%Cat
What’s a cat’s favorite color? Purr-ple. %%Cat
What do you call a tiger that likes pickles? A sour puss. %%Cat
Why don’t cats shop in stores? They prefer cat-alogs. %%Cat
What is a cat’s favorite song? “Three Blind Mice.” %%Cat
Why don’t leopards play hide-and-go-seek? They’re always spotted. %%Cat
What do cats eat for breakfast? Mice Krispies. %%Cat
Two kittens got into a big argument. It was a total cat-astrophe. %%Cat
What did one cat say to the other? How do you like meow? %%Cat
What do cats wear to bed? Paw-jamas. %%Cat
Why did the cop arrest the cat? It got caught littering. %%Cat
What kind of cats teach college classes? Purr-fessors. %%Cat
What do cats prefer to eat when they go out to dinner? Paw-sta. %%Cat
Why was the kitten unpopular at school? It had a bad cat-titude. %%Cat
Did you hear about the cat that made a mistake? It was a total faux paw. %%Cat
What’s a kitten’s favorite game? Cat and mouse. %%Cat
Why did the cat bring its watch to the bank? It wanted to save time. %%Cat
Did you hear about the cat that went to the doctor? It wasn’t feline well. %%Cat
What do cats put in their houses? Fur-niture. %%Cat
Where do you find a cat with no legs? Right where you left him. %%Cat
Did you hear about the cat that burned dinner? It had to start over from scratch. %%Cat
What do you call a cat that’s always telling on you? A tattle tail. %%Cat
How do you motivate a cat? Remind them to stay paws-ative. %%Cat
What’s a cat’s favorite band? Mew Kids on the Block. %%Cat
What’s stranger than a talking cat? A spelling bee. %%Cat
What do you give a cat with allergies? An anti-hiss-tamine. %%Cat
Why are cats always tired on April 1? Because they just finished a 31-day March. %%Cat
How do cats mix cake batter? With whiskers. %%Cat
What kind of felines can bowl? Alley cats. %%Cat
How do mice floss their teeth? With string cheese. %%Cat
What’s the best way to catch a catfish? Have someone throw it to you. %%Cat
What do you call a cat with eight legs? An octo-puss. %%Cat
How do you hire a cat? Put up a ladder. %%Cat
What’s worse than when it’s raining cats and dogs? Hailing taxis. %%Cat
Did you hear about the cat that ate a bad sausage? It was the wurst. %%Cat
Why can’t you play board games in the jungle? Too many cheetahs. %%Cat
Did you hear about the cat that lost its left legs? It’s all right now. %%Cat
Where did the cat go after losing its tail? The retail store %%Cat
What do you call a fibbing cat? Lion. %%Cat
I once met a giant cat. I didn’t know what to say so I used big words. %%Cat
How do cats talk quietly? They whis-purr. %%Cat
Why are cats good at keeping secrets? They don’t hiss and tail. %%Cat
Did you hear about the angry cat? It got hot under the collar. %%Cat
Did you hear about the cat that almost fell off a cliff? It lived to tell the tail. %%Cat
What do cat artists usually paint? Self paw-traits. %%Cat
What kind of cars do cats prefer to drive? Fur-arris. %%Cat
Why do people like having cats as pets? They’re purr-dy. %%Cat
Why did the cat go to a therapist? It had claw-strophobia. %%Cat
Why do cats make good comedians? They’re hiss-terical. %%Cat
What did the teacher say after he caught the kitten cheating? Don’t be a copycat. %%Cat
It’s Easter, hop to it! %%Easter
Easter eggs: Not all they’re cracked up to be. %%Easter
This Easter story has a hoppy ending. %%Easter
Peep-a-boo! %%Easter
Wishing you a hare-raising Easter. %%Easter
I’m so eggs-cited and I just can’t hide it. %%Easter
And they lived hoppily ever after. %%Easter
Does my hare look alright? %%Easter
Anybunny else excited for Easter? %%Easter
We’re all just one, big hoppy family. %%Easter
Show me the bunny! %%Easter
You and I are just two peeps in a pod. %%Easter
Official member of the eggs-ploration team. %%Easter
Eggs-pert Easter Egg hunter. %%Easter
Chick this out! %%Easter
Watch out, I’m about to go off the peep end. %%Easter
his Easter egg hunt is over-easy. %%Easter
Happy Easter to ewe. %%Easter
I can’t eggs-press how excited I am for Easter! %%Easter
Easter Sunday: Hare today, gone tomorrow. %%Easter
You put a hop in my step. %%Easter
Hey there, hop stuff! %%Easter
I think you’re ear-resistable.
Dyeing eggs: Easter said than done. %%Easter
Did somebunny say “Easter”? %%Easter
Don’t worry, be hoppy. %%Easter
You’re egg-ceptional. %%Easter
That’s all yolks! %%Easter
Not coloring eggs this year? Omelette that slide...this time. %%Easter
I’m egg-static over Easter. %%Easter
Prepare to dye. (Kidding.) %%Easter
Have a happy Easter, for Peep’s sake. %%Easter
What do you call a gossipy rabbit? A busy-bunny. %%Easter
What’s the best way to send an Easter greeting? Hare mail. %%Easter
Why don’t rabbits live very long? They’re on burrowed time. %%Easter
Did you hear the story about the sugarless jelly beans? It’s bittersweet. %%Easter
What do you call a rabbit with an encyclopedia in its jeans? Smarty pants. %%Easter
Did dinosaurs celebrate Easter? No, silly, they were egg-stinct. %%Easter
Two chicks went to a party. They had one shell of a time. %%Easter
Want some Easter advice? Don’t put all your eggs in one basket. %%Easter
What did one chocolate bunny say to the other? You make me melt. %%Easter
How does Peter Cottontail deliver all his eggs in one night? I don’t know, but it’s probably Easter said than done. %%Easter
Why do we paint Easter eggs? Because wallpapering them is impossible. %%Easter
Did you hear about the jelly bean that went to college? It wanted to be a Smartie. %%Easter
What do you call a group of rabbits walking away from you? A receding hareline. %%Easter
What kind of music does the Easter Bunny listen to? Hip Hop. %%Easter
Why did the Easter Bunny stay home from work? He was having a bad hare day. %%Easter
What’s the Easter Bunny’s favorite game? Hopscotch. %%Easter
How does the Easter Bunny travel from one place to another? By hare plane. %%Easter
What does the Easter Bunny use to style his fur? A hare dryer. %%Easter
How did the Easter Bunny get his job? He had egg-sperience. %%Easter
What do you call an Easter Bunny with fleas? Bugs Bunny. %%Easter
Why did the Easter Bunny take a nap? He was eggs-hausted. %%Easter
What does the Easter Bunny say when he gets home from work? "Hello, anybunny home?" %%Easter
What kind of jewelry does the Easter Bunny wear? 14-carrot gold. %%Easter
Why did the Easter Bunny visit the salon? To cover its gray hare. %%Easter
How does the Easter Bunny leave a movie theater? Through the eggs-it. %%Easter
How does the Easter Bunny keep his fur in place? With hare spray. %%Easter
What did the Easter Bunny say when introduced to the tooth fairy? I’ve never met herbivore. %%Easter
Where does the Easter Bunny eat breakfast? IHOP. %%Easter
How can the Easter Bunny afford to bring so many gifts? He’s a million-hare. %%Easter
What sport did the Easter Bunny play in high school? Basketball. %%Easter
Where does the Easter Bunny get his eggs? From egg plants, of course. %%Easter
What kind of rabbit delivers Easter eggs to fish? The Oyster Bunny. %%Easter
Where does the Easter Bunny live? Nobunny knows. %%Easter
What do you call an unconventional Easter egg? Egg-centric. %%Easter
Why did the Easter egg see a therapist? It was having an egg-sistential crisis. %%Easter
Why do Easter eggs have such good skin? They eggs-foliate. %%Easter
How do you know if an Easter egg thinks you’re funny? It cracks up over your yokes. %%Easter
What did the Easter egg say at the end of the comedy show? That’s all yolks. %%Easter
How do Easter eggs stay in shape? Eggs-ercise. %%Easter
Why doesn’t anyone want to be an Easter egg? Because they’re always dyeing. %%Easter
Why didn’t the egg come out of its room on Easter? It was a little chicken. %%Easter
Which Michael Jackson song do Easter eggs refuse to listen to? "Beat It." %%Easter
What do you call an Easter egg from another planet? An egg-stra terrestrial. %%Easter
The plot chickens... %%Easter
Chick out my Easter eggs! %%Easter
What do all the hens do on a Friday night? Watch a chick flick. %%Easter
Let’s dance, chick-to-chick. %%Easter
Did you hear about the arguing chicks? They were walking on eggshells. %%Easter
Did you hear about the chick that went to jail? It was a bad egg. %%Easter
You’re one funny chick. %%Easter
Did you hear about funny chicken? It was a real comedi-hen. %%Easter
How can you tell if a chicken’s the boss? There’s a pecking order. %%Easter
Why don’t chicks play baseball? Too many fowl plays. %%Easter
Why did the chick leave home? It was time to fly the coop. %%Easter
What do you call a dancing chick? Poultry in motion. %%Easter
Did you hear about the haunted chicken coop? It had a poultrygiest. %%Easter
I wanted to wish you a happy Easter, but was feeling a little chicken. %%Easter
What’s a chick’s favorite song? “Can’t Help Fowlin’ in Love.” %%Easter
What do trees say when spring arrives? "What a re-leaf." %%Spring
Why is everyone so tired on April 1? They just finished a 31-day march. %%Spring
What did summer say to spring? "Help me, I’m about to fall." %%Spring
What did the tree saying to the spring flowers? I’m rooting for you. %%Spring
Why did the robin go to the doctor? It needed tweetment. %%Spring
Can February March? No, but April May. %%Spring
Why was the flower late to work? It stayed in bed. %%Spring
Why did the tree fail the quiz? The questions left it stumped. %%Spring
What did one flower say to the other? "What’s up, bud?" %%Spring
Can gardens kiss? Only if they have tulips. %%Spring
How can you tell when a flower is joking around? If it’s pollen your leg. %%Spring
How do bees get to school? On the buzz. %%Spring
What flower roars? A dandelion. %%Spring
What did the big flower say to the little flower? Be-leaf in yourself. %%Spring
What do you get when you cross a tulip and a dog? Collie-flower. %%Spring
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims. %%Spring
Did you hear about the submarine that sank on April Fools’ Day? Someone left a window open. %%April Fools
What month of the year has 28 days? All of them. %%April Fools
How do you keep a fool in suspense? I’ll tell you the answer tomorrow. %%April Fools
Why should you avoid the stairs on April Fools’ Day? Because they’re always up to something. %%April Fools
How many fools does it take to change a lightbulb? Four. One to hold the bulb and three to turn the chair. %%April Fools
How do pirates celebrate April Fools’ Day? They walk the prank. %%April Fools
What did one spring flower say to the other? "Girl, you really got me growing." %%April Fools
What do you call a group of bunnies hopping away from you? A receding hareline. %%April Fools
Why shouldn’t you tell ducks jokes on April Fools’ Day? They’ll quack up. %%April Fools
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. Spring apparently wasn’t bad either. %%Spring
What did the mama cow say to her baby after he stayed up too late on April Fools’ Day? "It’s pasture bedtime." %%April Fools
Why don’t eggs play April Fools’ pranks? They might crack each other up. %%April Fools
What kind of shoes do frogs wear when spring comes? Open-toad. %%Spring
Why don’t chickens play pranks on April Fools’ Day? They don’t engage in fowl play. %%April Fools
How do you plant a kiss in April? You use two lips. %%April Fools %%Spring
Why do omelets love April Fools’? They enjoy practical yolks. %%April Fools
What kind of pickles do spring flowers like? Daffo-dills. %%Spring
What do bees use to fix their hair? Honeycombs. %%Spring
What did the calendar say after April Fools’ was declared a holiday? "Prank you, prank you very much." %%April Fools
What do you call a sunny day that follows two rainy April days? Monday. %%April Fools
What do storm clouds wear under their pants? Thunderwear. %%Spring
How did the skeleton know that April showers were on the way? He could feel it in his bones. %%April Fools
What does a rainbow do when it gets a papercut? Yell, "Ow!" %%Spring
What did the tree say when spring finally arrived? What a re-leaf. %%Spring
Did you hear about the cloud that tried catching some fog? It mist. %%Spring
How can you tell when April is happy? It has a little spring in its step. %%April Fools
Why is everyone so tired on April 1? Because they just finished a 31-day march. %%April Fools
What did the tree say to the new spring flower? I’m rooting for you. %%Spring
What flower grows between your nose and chin? Two-lips. %%Spring
Can February March? No, but April May. %%April Fools
Why was the flower late to school? It decided to stay in its bed. %%Spring
What did one flower say to the other? Let’s be buds. %%Spring
What goes up when April showers come down? An umbrella. %%Spring
What do you call an Easter bunny with fleas? Bugs Bunny. %%Spring
What kind of garden do bakers grow? Flour garden. %%Spring
What do you get when you cross a dog and a tulip? A collie-flower. %%Spring
What did one spring chicken say to the other? You’re egg-cellent. %%Spring
Which monster loves April Fool’s Day? Prank-enstein. %%April Fools
What did April Fools’ say when it received a gift? Well, prank you! %%April Fools
Why is the letter "A" like a flower? A bee comes after it. %%Spring
What’s a baby chick’s favorite pasta dish? Egg-plant parmesan. %%Spring
Did you hear about the daisy that was excited for spring? It wet its plants. %%Spring
I lost all my winter weight. Now I just have spring rolls. %%Spring
When’s the best time to buy a trampoline? In the spring. %%Spring
What did one spring flower say to the other? Be-leaf in yourself. %%Spring
Why don’t flowers like to ride bicycles? They keep losing their petals. %%Spring
What did summer say to spring? Help! I’m about to fall. %%Spring
When shouldn’t you plant spring flowers? When you haven’t botany. %%Spring
Did you hear about the successful florist? Business is positively blooming. %%Spring
Why do bumblebees hum? They don’t know the words. %%Spring
What has a bow but can’t be tied? A rainbow. %%Spring
How can you tell if a plant is good at math? It has square roots. %%Spring
What do baseball teams and pancakes have in common? They both need a good batter. %%Spring
Where do leprechauns play baseball? In a little league. %%St. Patrick’s day
What do you call an Irish spider? Paddy long legs. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why are leprechauns always getting in trouble? They have no elf control. %%St. Patrick’s day
How are friends like four-leaf clovers? They’re hard to find and lucky to have. %%St. Patrick’s day
What do leprechauns call Kris Kringle? Sant O’ Claus. %%St. Patrick’s day
What do horses wear for good luck? Shoes. %%St. Patrick’s day
What do you call a scheming elf? A lepra-con. %%St. Patrick’s day
What’s a leprechaun’s favorite dessert? Paddy cake. %%St. Patrick’s day
What’s the best month of the year to host a parade? March. %%St. Patrick’s day
Did you hear about leprechaun that couldn’t make a decision? He was stuck between a shamrock and a hard place. %%St. Patrick’s day
What did one Guinness say to the other? Ale good? %%St. Patrick’s day
Why did the leprechaun quit his job? He kept getting short-changed. %%St. Patrick’s day
What do leprechauns use to clean the bathroom? Mr. Green. %%St. Patrick’s day
What did the police officer say after arresting the leprechaun? "The jig is up!" %%St. Patrick’s day
What instrument isn’t very modest? The brag-pipe. %%St. Patrick’s day
What’s the best way to make gold soup? Use 14 karats. %%St. Patrick’s day
What do leprechauns put on their hamburgers? Paddys. %%St. Patrick’s day
What’s long and green and only shows up once a year? The St. Patrick’s Day parade. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why did the leprechaun marriage end in divorce? One discovered the other was a gold digger. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why can’t you trust leprechauns? Because they’re elfish. %%St. Patrick’s day
What’s a leprechaun’s favorite dance? The Shamrock Shake. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why shouldn’t you tell jokes to a leprechaun? Because they’re easily o’ffended. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why do Irish cows wear bells? Their horns don’t work. %%St. Patrick’s day
Did you hear about the leprechaun that couldn’t pay rent? He was a little short. %%St. Patrick’s day
Corned beef and cabbage walk into a diner. The host says, "Sorry, we don’t serve dinner here." %%St. Patrick’s day
Why did the leprechaun go the home store? He needed paddy o’ furniture. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why did the leprechaun cross the rainbow? To get to the pot of gold. %%Cross the road %%St. Patrick’s day
Where can you be sure to find gold on St. Patrick’s Day? In the dictionary. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why are leprechauns so good at karate? They’ve got a black belt. %%St. Patrick’s day
How do you hire a leprechaun for St. Patrick’s Day? Put him on a ladder. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why don’t leprechauns hate doing taxes? Because they’re elf-employed. %%St. Patrick’s day
How did the leprechaun get to the moon? On a sham-rocket. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why did the Irishman stop mining for gold? It didn’t pan out. %%St. Patrick’s day
What’s green and sings? Elvis Parsley. %%St. Patrick’s day
How can you tell if your Irish jokes are funny? Everyone’s Dublin over in laughter. %%St. Patrick’s day
What do ghosts drink to celebrate St. Patrick’s Day? Boo-ze. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why do people wear shamrocks to celebrate St. Paddy’s? Because real rocks are too heavy. %%St. Patrick’s day
How do leprechauns tell time? They use sham-clocks. %%St. Patrick’s day
What kind of spells do Irish witches cast? Lucky charms. %%St. Patrick’s day
How can you tell if a potato isn’t Irish? When it’s a French fry. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why can’t you iron four-leaf clovers? Because you should never press your luck. %%St. Patrick’s day
What do you call a stone that pretends to be Irish? A sham-rock. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why do people wear shamrocks on St. Patrick’s Day? Because real rocks would be too heavy. %%St. Patrick’s day
What do you get when you cross poison ivy with a four-leaf clover? A rash of good luck. %%St. Patrick’s day
Which animal takes up the most square feet? A groundhog. %%Groundhog Day
Where does Punxsutawney Phil see his doctor? The hog-spital. %%Groundhog Day
How does the groundhog know when to look for his shadow? They tell him to gopher it. %%Groundhog Day
How does Punxsutawney Phil greet his parents? With hogs and kisses. %%Groundhog Day
Does anyone know a good Groundhog Day joke? I keep hearing the same one over and over again. %%Groundhog Day
What is a groundhog’s favorite drink? Hole milk. %%Groundhog Day
Why is it annoying to watch TV with a groundhog? They hog the remote. %%Groundhog Day
What does Punxsutawney Phil use to clean his laundry? Hogwash. %%Groundhog Day
What did the French groundhog see when he woke up? His château. %%Groundhog Day
Why did the groundhog donate so much to charity? He was Phil-anthropic. %%Groundhog Day
What brand of syrup do groundhogs use on pancakes? Hog Cabin. %%Groundhog Day
Why should you never share a bed with Punxsutawney Phil? He always hogs the covers. %%Groundhog Day
Why are woodchucks such bad drivers? Because they hog the road. %%Groundhog Day
How do groundhogs approach wellness? Hole-istically. %%Groundhog Day
How do you stop a woodchuck from digging holes? Hog-tie it. %%Groundhog Day
What do you call a groundhog in the middle of a tennis court? Annette. %%Groundhog Day
How does Punxsutawney Phil stay cool in the summer? He has many fans. %%Groundhog Day
What do you call a pig with no legs? A ground hog. %%Groundhog Day
Why was Phil kicked off the Punxsutawney soccer team? For being a ball hog. %%Groundhog Day
How do you make pork sausage? Ground hog. %%Groundhog Day
What is a groundhog’s favorite movie? "Holes." %%Groundhog Day
Why was the groundhog afraid of 7? Because 7, 8, 9! %%Groundhog Day
What is a groundhog’s favorite color? Ma-hog-any. %%Groundhog Day
What did the groundhog say when his handler grabbed his tail? “That’s the end of me!” %%Groundhog Day
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Brighton. Brighton who? Brighton early, that’s when the groundhog checks his shadow. %%Groundhog Day
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Beth. Beth who? Beth wishes to you this Groundhog Day. %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Jewel. Jewel who? Jewel be happy to know there will be an early spring! %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Dewey. Dewey who? Dewey really have to wait six more weeks for spring? %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Aisle. Aisle who? Aisle be seeing you on Groundhog Day. %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Annette. Annette who? Annette is one way to catch a groundhog. %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Teddy. Teddy who? Teddy is Groundhog Day. %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Yule. Yule who? Yule be sorry if Punxsutawney Phil sees his shadow. %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Abby. Abby who? Abby Groundhog Day! %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Madam. Madam who? Madam groundhog just predicted six more weeks of winter. %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Haven. Haven who? Haven’t you had enough Groundhog Day jokes yet? %%Groundhog Day
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Sia. Sia who? Sia in the spring! %%Groundhog Day
What did one Dorito farmer say to the other? Cool Ranch! %%Food %%Farming
Why didn’t the teddy bear come down for dinner? He was already stuffed. %%Puns %%Toys
What’s it called when a snowman throws a tantrum? A meltdown. %%Winter %%Puns
Prepare to dye. (Kidding.) %%Easter %%Puns
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me. %%Puns %%Play
Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable. %%Puns %%Objects
Who did Frankenstein go trick-or-treating with? His ghoul friend. %%Halloween %%Puns
What do you call a song about a tortilla? A wrap. %%Food %%Music %%Puns
Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough. %%Observational %%Family
Why are witches good at farming? Because they love occult-ivation. %%Halloween %%Farming %%Puns
What do witches’ cats eat for breakfast? Mice crispies. %%Halloween %%Cat %%Food %%Puns
What do you call a group of rabbits walking away from you? A receding hareline. %%Easter %%Animal %%Puns
What do lawyers wear to work? Law suits. %%Jobs %%Puns
How do you make seven even? Take away the s. %%Wordplay %%Math
When a toddler reaches the why? stage, it’s like opening a bottle of champagne—once it’s uncorked, there’s no going back. %%Observational %%Family
What did the skeleton order with its beer? A mop. %%Halloween %%Puns
What is a funny mountain called? Hill-arious. %%Nature %%Puns
Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it’s over your head. %%Puns %%Objects
What do you call a wreath of $100 bills? Aretha Franklin’s. %%Money %%Music %%Puns
How do Pilgrims kick a bad habit? They stop cold turkey. %%Thanksgiving %%Puns
Why can’t you iron four-leaf clovers? Because you should never press your luck. %%St. Patrick’s day %%Puns
What is the best Christmas present? A broken drum, you just can’t beat it. %%Christmas %%Music %%Puns
Did you hear about the cat that made a mistake? It was a total faux paw. %%Cat %%Puns
As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice. %%DarkHumor %%Jobs
What did Robin Hood say to his girlfriend? Sherwood like to be your valentine. %%Valentine’s Day %%Puns
What did Frankenstein’s monster say to his bride on Valentine’s Day? Be my Valenstein! %%Valentine’s Day %%Halloween %%Puns
How do sheep greet each other around the holidays? Merry Christmas to ewe. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Puns
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines but catscan. %%Animal %%Medical %%Puns %%Cat
What do you call a snowman with a six-pack? An abdominal snowman! %%Christmas %%Winter %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Yule. Yule who? Yule never know. %%Christmas %%Knock knock %%Puns
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens. %%Food %%Cars %%Puns
What do clouds wear? Thunderwear. %%Weather %%Puns
What’s a pirate’s favorite music genre? Arrrrrr & B %%Pirate %%Music %%Puns
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father-in-law. %%Jobs %%Family %%Puns
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field. %%Farming %%Puns
What did the painter tell his girlfriend? I love you with all my art. %%Valentine’s Day %%Art %%Puns
I love telling Thanksgiving puns. That’s just how eye roll. %%Thanksgiving %%Puns
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it. %%Food %%Diet %%Puns
A round of Santa-plause, please. %%Christmas %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Needle. Needle who? Needle money for Christmas shopping. %%Knock knock %%Christmas %%Money %%Puns
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad. %%Animal %%Cars %%Puns
Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watchdogs. %%Animal %%Objects %%Puns
What did summer say to spring? Help! I’m about to fall. %%Spring %%Summer %%Fall %%Puns
What is a computer’s favorite snack? Computer chips. %%Technology %%Food %%Puns
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn’t a dad? A faux pa. %%Puns %%Meta
Lance isn’t that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot. %%History %%Puns
What song does Beyoncé like to perform during the holidays? "All the Jingle Ladies." %%Christmas %%Music %%Puns
What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs. %%Animal %%Books %%Puns
Where are average things manufactured? The Satisfactory. %%Puns %%Wordplay
How do you stop a bull from charging? Take away its credit cards. %%Animal %%Money %%Puns
What kind of car does an egg drive? A yolkswagen. %%Food %%Cars %%Puns
Why can’t Santa say the alphabet? Because there is no L. %%Christmas %%Wordplay %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Santa. Santa who? Santa Claus, duh! %%Christmas %%Knock knock %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Teddy. Teddy who? Teddy is the first day of summer. %%Summer %%Knock knock %%Puns
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands. %%Medical %%DarkHumor %%Puns
Where do you find a cat with no legs? Right where you left him. %%Cat %%Animal %%Puns
A magician was walking down the street — then he turned into a store. %%Magic %%Puns
Why don’t lawyers trust atoms? They make up everything. %%Jobs %%Science %%Puns
What did the pirate Santa Claus say? Row, row, row! %%Pirate %%Christmas %%Puns
Did you hear about the daisy that was excited for spring? It wet its plants. %%Spring %%Nature %%Puns
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan! %%Animal %%Cars %%Puns
I have a joke about being a rejected organ donor, but I just don’t have the guts to tell it. %%Medical %%Puns
What do you call a pig who knows how to use a knife? A pork chop. %%Food %%Animal %%Puns
What do you call a video game rematch? A Wii-match. %%Technology %%Games %%Puns
I can’t take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog. %%Animal %%Food %%Puns
Why don’t pirates take a bath? They prefer to wash up on shore. %%Pirate %%Hygiene %%Puns
Why do vampires always seem sick? They’re coffin. %%Halloween %%Medical %%Puns
How does the man in the moon get his hair cut? Eclipse it. %%Space %%Puns
Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward. %%Exercise %%Puns
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system. %%Work %%Medical %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Mustache. Mustache who? I mustache you to carve the turkey. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Barry. Barry who? Barry Christmas to you! %%Christmas %%Knock knock %%Puns
Why did the Easter Bunny stay home from work? He was having a bad hare day. %%Easter %%Animal %%Puns
What falls in winter but never gets hurt? Snow. %%Winter %%Weather %%Puns
What do you call bears with no ears? B. %%Animal %%Puns
What do leprechauns put on their hamburgers? Paddys. %%St. Patrick’s day %%Food %%Puns
Why did the sheriff lock up her boyfriend? He stole her heart. %%Valentine’s Day %%Jobs %%Puns
Knock knock. Who’s there? Tank. Tank who? You’re welcome. %%Knock knock %%Puns
What is heavy forward but not backward? A ton. %%Wordplay %%Puns
How do you keep a jewelry store save on Valentine’s Day? You locket. %%Valentine’s Day %%Objects %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Snow. Snow who? This is snow time for telling Christmas jokes. %%Knock knock %%Christmas %%Puns
Why didn’t the sun go to college? It already had a million degrees. %%Fathers Day %%Space %%Education %%Puns
What’s Santa’s favorite candy? Jolly Ranchers. %%Christmas %%Food %%Puns
What do frogs use to track their exercise? Fit (rib)bits. %%Animal %%Exercise %%Puns
Why don’t mountains get cold in the winter? They have snowcaps. %%Christmas %%Nature %%Winter %%Puns
Where do you go to do your math homework on New Year’s Eve? Times Square %%New Year %%Math %%Education %%Puns
To the person who stole my bed: I won’t rest until I find you. %%Objects %%Puns
What does a house wear? Address. %%Objects %%Clothing %%Puns
Why did Marie Curie stop dating that guy? There was no chemistry. %%Science %%Relationships %%Puns
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein. %%Science %%Clothing %%Puns
Where do sheep go on vacation? The Baaa-hamas. %%Animal %%Travel %%Puns
What do you get if you cross Santa with a duck? A Christmas quacker. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Puns
Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows — they’re making headlines! %%Objects %%Puns
I have a joke about kites, but it would just sail over your head. %%Objects %%Puns
What kind of water can’t freeze? Hot water. %%Science %%Puns
What did the proton say to the electron? Stop being so negative all the time! %%Science %%Puns
When is a boat just like snow? When it’s adrift. %%Christmas %%Objects %%Puns
Why couldn’t the pony sing a lullaby? She was a little horse. %%Animal %%Music %%Puns
Why did the nurse need a red pen? In case she needed to draw blood. %%Medical %%Jobs %%Puns
If you spell the words absolutely nothing backward, you get gnihton yletulosba, which ironically means…absolutely nothing. %%Wordplay
Just say NO to drugs! Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes. %%Observational %%DarkHumor
What do you call a camel that ate its brother? Camelbalism! %%Animal %%DarkHumor %%Puns
What did one angel say to the other? Halo there! %%Christmas %%Puns
What’s brown and sticky? A stick. %%Riddle %%Puns
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint. %%Food %%Money %%Puns
My doctor told me I’ve really grown as a person. Well, her exact words were that I gained excess weight. %%Medical %%Observational
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. %%Food %%Puns
What does a cow use to do math? A cow-culator. %%Animal %%Math %%Puns
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing. %%Food %%Puns
Why did the computer catch cold? It left a window open. %%Technology %%Medical %%Puns
Did you hear about leprechaun that couldn’t make a decision? He was stuck between a shamrock and a hard place. %%St. Patrick’s day %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Barry. Barry who? Barry Christmas to you! %%Knock knock %%Christmas %%Puns
How do you organize a party on Mars? You planet. %%Space %%Puns
What do you call a witch that lives in the desert? A sand-witch. %%Halloween %%Food %%Puns
Who says “Oh, oh, oh?” Santa Claus walking backward. %%Christmas %%Puns
How is Christmas exactly like your job? You do all the work and some fat guy in a suit gets all the credit. %%Christmas %%Work %%Observational
What do you call a factory that makes okay products. A satisfactory. %%Puns %%Wordplay
What do Santa’s little helpers learn at school? The elf-abet. %%Christmas %%Education %%Puns
What did the farmer call the cow that had no milk? An udder failure. %%Animal %%Farming %%Puns
Did you hear about the submarine that sank on April Fools’ Day? Someone left a window open. %%April Fools %%Objects %%Puns
What did April Fools’ say when it received a gift? Well, prank you! %%April Fools %%Puns
What does the man with no hair sing at midnight? Bald Lang Syne. %%New Year %%Music %%Puns
What did the stamp say to the envelope on Valentine’s Day? I’m stuck on you! %%Valentine’s Day %%Objects %%Puns
What do sweet potatoes wear to bed? Yammies. %%Thanksgiving %%Food %%Clothing %%Puns
What do you call Santa’s little helpers? Subordinate Clauses. %%Christmas %%Grammar %%Puns
What’s a cat’s favorite holiday song? “Here Comes Santa Claws.” %%Christmas %%Cat %%Music %%Puns
What kind of candy is never on time? Choco-LATE. %%Valentine’s Day %%Food %%Time %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Donut. Donut who? Donut open the presents until Christmas. %%Knock knock %%Christmas %%Food %%Puns
Why do so many people eat potatoes on Thanksgiving? Because they’ve got a-peel. %%Thanksgiving %%Food %%Puns
What did the carrot say to the celery? Stop stalking me! %%Thanksgiving %%Food %%Puns
Riding a camel really isn’t as hard as they say it is. Once you get over the first hump, the rest is easy. %%Animal %%Travel %%Puns
How does the Easter Bunny keep his fur in place? With hare spray. %%Easter %%Animal %%Puns
Everyone’s sharing the rumor about butter, but I’m not about to spread it. %%Food %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Ivana. Ivana who? Ivana candy cane. %%Christmas %%Knock knock %%Puns
Which season do people get injured the most? The fall. %%Seasons %%Medical %%Puns
What happens when doctors get frustrated? They lose their patients. %%Medical %%Jobs %%Puns
Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket. %%DarkHumor %%Family %%Puns
This New Year’s, try not to make any pour decisions. %%New Year %%Puns
What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener. %%Objects %%Puns
I used to be able to play piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands. %%Music %%Observational
What do you call Santa when he’s on a break? A Santa pause. %%Christmas %%Puns
Why do you need a jeweler on New Year’s Eve? To ring in the new year. %%New Year %%Jobs %%Puns
My extra winter weight is finally gone. Now, I have spring rolls. %%Seasons %%Food %%Puns
Why did Mrs. Claus get mad at Santa? Because her husband was a flake. %%Christmas %%Relationships %%Puns
What is Aladdin’s favorite tea? Jasmine and camel-mile. %%Movies %%Food %%Puns
I have a joke about putting in a light bulb, but I’m afraid I’ll screw it up. %%Objects %%Puns
I just don’t trust stairs, they’re always up to something. %%Objects %%Puns
What invention allows us to see through walls? Windows. %%Objects %%Puns
When’s the best time to buy a trampoline? In the spring. %%Spring %%Objects %%Puns
Why did Frosty’s wife ask for a divorce? He was a total flake. %%Christmas %%Winter %%Relationships %%Puns
What happened when the man crashed his expensive car? He found out how a Mercedes bends. %%Cars %%Puns
What did the French chef give his wife for Valentine’s Day? A hug and a quiche. %%Valentine’s Day %%Food %%Jobs %%Puns
At first, I thought my chiropractor wasn’t any good, but now I stand corrected. %%Medical %%Jobs %%Puns
What would happen if you threw all the books in the ocean? It would cause a title wave. %%Books %%Nature %%Puns
Did you hear about the cat that went to the doctor? It wasn’t feline well. %%Cat %%Animal %%Medical %%Puns
Whenever you get a bad sausage, it’s just the wurst. %%Food %%Puns
How do frogs invest their money? They use a stock croaker. %%Animal %%Money %%Puns
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana… %%Observational %%Puns
How do celebrities stay cool in the summer? They have many fans. %%Summer %%People %%Puns
How many apples grow on trees? All of them. %%Nature %%Food %%Riddle
What do you call an Irish spider? Paddy long legs. %%St. Patrick’s day %%Animal %%Puns
Don’t trust atoms. They make up everything! %%Science %%Puns
What do you call it when Dwayne Johnson buys a cutting tool? Rock pay-for scissors. %%Celebrities %%Puns
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles! %%Animal %%Puns
We’re renovating the house, and the first floor is going great, but the second floor is another story. %%Objects %%Puns
Why don’t pirates shower before they walk the plank? Because they’ll just wash up on shore later. %%Pirate %%Hygiene %%Puns
Why did Santa Claus sign up for Instagram? He wanted to have online presents. %%Christmas %%Technology %%Puns
I’m afraid of speed bumps, but I am slowly getting over it. %%Cars %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Lettuce. Lettuce who? Lettuce in, it’s Thanksgiving. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock %%Food %%Puns
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between us, something smells. %%Body %%Puns
What do you write on a rabbit’s birthday card? Hoppy Birthday! %%Birthday %%Animal %%Puns
Why should you never play hide and seek with a leopard? They are always spotted. %%Animal %%Puns
Why couldn’t the astronaut land on the moon? Because it was full. %%Space %%Puns
Why was the ghost so tired? He worked the graveyard shift. %%Halloween %%Work %%Puns
What goes up but never comes down? Your age. %%Birthday %%Riddle
Why didn’t the sun go to college? It already had a million degrees. %%Summer %%Space %%Education %%Puns
How does a banana answer a phone call? Yellow! %%Food %%Technology %%Puns
What do Bostonians call a fake noodle? An impasta. %%Food %%Geography %%Puns
Shouldn’t the roof of your mouth actually be called the ceiling? %%Body %%Observational
I’m following the seafood diet. I see food, then I eat it. %%Food %%Diet %%Puns
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don’t know y. %%Wordplay %%Puns
Goodbye boiling water, you will be mist. %%Science %%Puns %%Goodbye
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public? A private tutor. %%Puns %%Wordplay
I searched for a lighter on Amazon, but all I could find were 6,000 matches. %%Technology %%Objects %%Puns
What kind of music do chiropractors like? Hip pop. %%Medical %%Jobs %%Music %%Puns
What does a stingy sheep say? Bah-humbug. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Puns
Mom keeps asking why I have so much candy. She doesn’t know I always keep a few Twix up my sleeve. %%Family %%Food %%Puns
What did the pirate’s landlord say when he was evicted? Get out, you free-looter! %%Pirate %%Jobs %%Puns
When is a door not a door? When it’s ajar. %%Objects %%Riddle %%Puns
Why is Santa such a good shopper? Because he makes a list, then checks it twice. %%Christmas %%Shopping %%Puns
What’s the most romantic utensil? A fork because it has Valen-tines. %%Valentine’s Day %%Objects %%Puns
What do you call a flea in France? A paris-ite. %%Animal %%Geography %%Puns
Where did the king put his armies? In his sleevies! %%History %%Puns
What was Sherlock Holmes’ favorite protein source? Mystery meat. %%Characters %%Food %%Puns
Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they are shellfish! %%Animal %%Money %%Puns
Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up. %%Objects %%Puns
That wedding was so emotional, even the cake was in tiers. %%Events %%Food %%Puns
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight. %%Events %%Food %%Puns
How does Good King Wenceslas like his pizzas? One that’s deep pan, crisp and even. %%Christmas %%Food %%Music %%Puns
Why don’t elephants chew gum? They do, just not in public. %%Animal %%Puns
What’s the best way to stuff a turkey? Serve it pizza and ice cream. %%Thanksgiving %%Food %%Puns
Let’s dance, chick-to-chick. %%Easter %%Animal %%Puns
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest? %%Family %%Law %%Puns
I have a great joke about nepotism, but I’ll only tell it to my kids. %%Family %%Puns
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop. %%Geography %%Clothing %%Puns
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved. %%Nature %%Puns
What do math teachers eat on Thanksgiving? Pumpkin pi. %%Thanksgiving %%Math %%Food %%Puns
Why are cats good at keeping secrets? They don’t hiss and tail. %%Cat %%Animal %%Puns
Why did the nose feel sad? It was always getting picked on. %%Body %%Puns
What’s it like to be kissed by a vampire? It’s a pain in the neck. %%Halloween %%Puns
I read that by law you must turn on your headlights when it’s raining in Sweden, but how am I supposed to know when it’s raining in Sweden? %%Law %%Weather %%Observational
What’s a cat’s favorite band? Mew Kids on the Block. %%Cat %%Animal %%Music %%Puns
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini. %%Animal %%Cars %%Puns
What key is used to open bananas? A mon-key. %%Food %%Animal %%Puns
How do you organize a space party? You planet. %%Space %%Puns
How does the moon style his hair? Eclipse it. %%Space %%Puns
What do you call a snake that loves building houses? A boa constructor. %%Animal %%Jobs %%Puns
Did you hear about the Gungan who became a taxi cab driver? His name is Car Car Binks. %%Star Wars %%Cars %%Jobs %%Puns
What do owls say to declare their love? Owl be yours! %%Valentine’s Day %%Animal %%Puns
What’s a leprechaun’s favorite dance? The Shamrock Shake. %%St. Patrick’s day %%Dance %%Puns
Why is the hot pepper the nosiest vegetable? It can’t help but get jalapéno space. %%Food %%Puns
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together. %%Animal %%Objects %%Puns
Why did the computer go to the doctor? It had a virus. %%Technology %%Medical %%Puns
What did one plate say to another plate? Tonight, dinner’s on me. %%Objects %%Puns
Why couldn’t the green pepper practice archery? Because it didn’t habanero. %%Food %%Sports %%Puns
What does a donkey do when you tell him a joke? He-ha’s. %%Animal %%Puns
How can you tell an alligator from a crocodile? By paying attention to whether the animal will see you later, or after a while. %%Animal %%Puns
A phone and a firework were arrested on New Year’s. One was charged, the other was let off. %%New Year %%Objects %%Puns
I decided to sell the vacuum cleaner — it was just gathering dust! %%Objects %%Puns
Why are leprechauns so good at karate? They’ve got a black belt. %%St. Patrick’s day %%Sports %%Puns
What do you call an ant that has been shunned by his community? A socially dissed ant. %%Animal %%Puns
I’m reading an anti-gravity book, and I just can’t put it down! %%Books %%Science %%Puns
My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. That’s my stepladder. he said. I never knew my real ladder. %%Objects %%Family %%Puns
I wish the flu had started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. %%Medical %%Geography %%Observational
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the ’no-bell’ prize. %%Puns %%Meta
How do ye turn a pirate furious? Take away the ‘P’. %%Pirate %%Puns
What is a New Year’s resolution? Something that goes in one year and out the other. %%New Year %%Puns
What did one wall say to the other? Let’s meet at the corner. %%Objects %%Puns
Did you hear about the bacon cheeseburger who couldn’t stop telling jokes? It was on a roll. %%Food %%Puns
Why couldn’t the computer buy a new pair of jeans? It had spent all its cache. %%Technology %%Money %%Puns
What did the accountant say while auditing a document? This is taxing. %%Jobs %%Money %%Puns
What’s the one thing will you get every year on your birthday, guaranteed? A year older. %%Birthday %%Observational
Where do cows get their clothes? From cattle-logs. %%Fathers Day %%Animal %%Clothing %%Puns
What do you call C-3PO when he’s being a good listener? Hear-Threepio. %%Star Wars %%Puns
What did the dad say at 11:59 p.m. on New Year’s? No more jokes until next year. %%New Year %%Time %%Meta
People are usually shocked that I have a Police record. But I love their greatest hits! %%Music %%Law %%Puns
What is a camel’s favorite place to visit? Camel-bodia. %%Animal %%Geography %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Norma Lee. Norma Lee? Norma Lee we have ham on Christmas. %%Knock knock %%Christmas %%Food %%Puns
What did one candy bar say to the other candy bar? I’ve got some Twix up my sleeve. %%Food %%Puns
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear. %%Animal %%Food %%Puns
Why don’t eggs play April Fools’ pranks? They might crack each other up. %%April Fools %%Food %%Puns
Why aren’t lobsters generous? Because they’re shellfish %%Summer %%Animal %%Puns
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common?They’re both Paris sites. %%Animal %%Geography %%Puns
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants. %%Spring %%Nature %%Puns
Did you hear about the guy who stole 50 cartons of hand sanitizer? They couldn’t prosecute—his hands were clean. %%Hygiene %%Law %%Puns
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut. %%Jobs %%Puns
Why did the baby strawberry cry? Because its mother was in a jam. %%Food %%Family %%Puns
What’s the best month of the year to host a parade? March. %%St. Patrick’s day %%Events %%Puns
What does a librarian use to go fishing? A bookworm. %%Jobs %%Books %%Puns
Why is Valentine’s Day a good day for a party? Because you can really party hearty! %%Valentine’s Day %%Events %%Puns
What do you call a groundhog in the middle of a tennis court? Annette. %%Groundhog Day %%Animal %%Sports %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Tree. Tree who? Tree wise men. %%Christmas %%Knock knock %%Puns
Why are ghosts bad liars? You can see right through them. %%Halloween %%Puns
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel. %%Objects %%Riddle
What’s another name for an iPhone power cord? Apple juice. %%Technology %%Food %%Puns
Why did the onion get flustered? It saw the salad dressing. %%Food %%Puns
I was playing chess with my friend and he said, Let’s make this interesting so we stopped playing chess. %%Games %%Observational
How can you tell it’s a dogwood tree? By the bark. %%Nature %%Animal %%Puns
What do you call a nervous witch? A twitch. %%Halloween %%Puns
Why did the queen go to the dentist? To get crowns on her teeth. %%Royalty %%Medical %%Puns
My wife asked me to go get 6 cans of Sprite from the grocery store. I realized when I got home that I had picked 7 up. %%Shopping %%Puns
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs. %%Animal %%Food %%Puns
What is a groundhog’s favorite drink? Hole milk. %%Groundhog Day %%Animal %%Food %%Puns
How do you stop a bull from charging? You cancel its credit card. %%Animal %%Money %%Puns
What did the tiger say to her cub on his birthday? It’s roar birthday. %%Birthday %%Animal %%Puns
They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important. %%Food %%Medical %%DarkHumor
What do reindeer use to decorate their antlers? Hornaments. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Puns
Why don’t leprechauns hate doing taxes? Because they’re elf-employed. %%St. Patrick’s day %%Money %%Jobs %%Puns
What’s worse than when it’s raining cats and dogs? Hailing taxis. %%Cat %%Weather %%Puns
RIP boiling water, you will be mist. %%Science %%Puns %%Goodbye
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims. %%Thanksgiving %%Seasons %%Puns
What instrument isn’t very modest? The brag-pipe. %%St. Patrick’s day %%Music %%Puns
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot. %%Food %%Animal %%Puns
Why are polar bears popular at parties? Because they know how to break the ice. %%Animal %%Events %%Puns
What’s E.T. short for? Because he’s only got tiny legs! %%Movies %%Puns
What game do tornadoes play at parties? Twister. %%Weather %%Games %%Puns
Dad: Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? Son: No. What happened? Dad: The teacher woke him up. %%School %%Puns
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing—they fast. %%Sports %%Food %%Puns
Santa cleans his sleigh with Santa-tizer. %%Christmas %%Hygiene %%Puns
What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish. %%Food %%Puns
I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed. %%Observational %%Puns
How did the ornament get addicted to Christmas? He was hooked on trees his whole life. %%Christmas %%Objects %%Puns
What do you call a fish wearing a bow tie? Sofishticated. %%Animal %%Clothing %%Puns
Why did the man sprinkle sugar on his pillow on New Year’s Eve? He wanted to start the year with sweet dreams. %%New Year %%Food %%Puns
How do you motivate a cat? Remind them to stay paws-ative. %%Cat %%Animal %%Puns
What flowers get the most kisses on Valentine’s Day? Tulips (two-lips). %%Valentine’s Day %%Nature %%Puns
What’s stranger than a talking cat? A spelling bee. %%Cat %%Animal %%Puns
Why was the gossip disliked at the coffee shop? She always spilled the tea. %%People %%Puns
I’m so bored at work because all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing. %%Work %%Puns
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder. %%Nature %%Puns
Armed robbers—some say they’re a drain on society, but you’ve got to give it to them. %%Law %%Puns
How do you know when a bike is thinking? You can see its wheels turning. %%Objects %%Puns
What’s a ghost’s favorite play? Romeo and Ghoul-iet. %%Halloween %%Literature %%Puns
What did the mama cow say to her baby after he stayed up too late on April Fools’ Day? "It’s pasture bedtime." %%April Fools %%Animal %%Family %%Puns
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale. %%Religion %%Celebrities %%Puns
What did one DNA say to the other DNA? Do these genes make me look fat? %%Science %%Puns
What’s the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy. %%Music %%Hobbies %%Puns
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me! %%Body %%Puns
What’s every elf’s favorite type of music? Wrap. %%Christmas %%Music %%Puns
Why do bakers work so hard? Because they knead dough. %%Jobs %%Food %%Money %%Puns
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree. %%Nature %%Puns
I made a whopping six figures last year. I also was fired from the toy factory for being too slow. %%Money %%Work %%Puns
What does a mobster buried in cement soon become? A hardened criminal. %%Law %%DarkHumor %%Puns
I would avoid the sushi if I were you. It’s a little fishy. %%Food %%Puns
How do I look? With your eyes. %%Observational %%Puns
What makes a candy cane a collector’s item? It’s in mint condition. %%Christmas %%Food %%Puns
What does a painter do when he gets cold? Puts on another coat. %%Jobs %%Art %%Puns
I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised. %%Relationships %%Puns
Why did the dog float in the water? He was a good buoy. %%Animal %%Puns
I was going to give up all of my bad habits for the new year, but then I remembered that no one likes a quitter. %%New Year %%Observational
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Argue. Argue who? Argue going to pass the gravy or what? %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock %%Food %%Puns
Why can’t you surprise reindeer? Because they’ve herd it all. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Puns
What goes up when April showers come down? An umbrella. %%Spring %%Weather %%Objects
What is a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries. %%Farming %%Food %%Puns
How do you get a country girl’s attention? A tractor. %%People %%Puns
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it. %%Cars %%Puns
What do you get when you cross a vampire and a snowman? Frostbite. %%Halloween %%Christmas %%Puns
What do you call a mac ’n’ cheese that gets all up in your face? Too close for comfort food. %%Food %%Puns
I have a joke about procrastination, but I’ll tell it to you later. %%Puns %%Meta
Justice is a dish best served cold because it was served warm, it would be justwater. %%Law %%Science %%Puns
Did you hear about the anxious snowman? He needed to chill out. %%Christmas %%Winter %%Puns
Why can’t Elsa from Frozen have a balloon? Because she will "let it go, let it go." %%Movies %%Puns
How do we know that the ocean is friendly? It waves. %%Beach %%Nature %%Puns
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid. %%Food %%Medical %%Puns
Believe in your elf. %%Christmas %%Puns
Why didn’t the skeleton go on the rollercoaster? It didn’t have the guts. %%Halloween %%Puns
What kind of bagel travels on Christmas? A plane bagel. %%Christmas %%Food %%Travel %%Puns
How do you stop a woodchuck from digging holes? Hog-tie it. %%Groundhog Day %%Animal %%Puns
What do you call a rabbit with an encyclopedia in its jeans? Smarty pants. %%Easter %%Animal %%Books %%Puns
I don’t go to funerals that start before noon. I guess I’m just not a mourning person. %%DarkHumor %%Puns
Why did the cop arrest the cat? It got caught littering. %%Cat %%Animal %%Law %%Puns
What do you call a snowman with a six-pack? An abdominal snowman. %%Christmas %%Winter %%Puns
What does Punxsutawney Phil use to clean his laundry? Hogwash. %%Groundhog Day %%Animal %%Puns
Anybunny else excited for Easter? %%Easter %%Animal %%Puns
Where does a sheep go to get a haircut? The baa baa shop. %%Animal %%Puns
How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it while you are eating dinner. %%Jobs %%Puns
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows. %%Riddle %%Puns
Why did the tourist feel disappointed upon seeing the Liberty Bell? It wasn’t all it was cracked up to be. %%History %%Puns
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands! %%Movies %%Puns
Why did the pirate always regale the crew with stories of his youth? Those were his most treasured memories. %%Pirate %%Puns
What’s a cat’s favorite color? Purr-ple. %%Cat %%Animal %%Puns
How does Santa avoid getting sick before Christmas? He uses hand Santa-tizer. %%Christmas %%Medical %%Hygiene %%Puns
I’m worried for the calendar because its days are numbered. %%Objects %%Puns
Did you hear about the guy who froze to death at the drive-in? He went to see Closed for the Winter. %%DarkHumor %%Movies %%Puns
What does a house wear? Address! (A dress) %%Objects %%Clothing %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Sandy. Sandy who? Sandy Claus is coming to town. %%Christmas %%Knock knock %%Puns
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree. %%Nature %%Puns
What do dogs say on New Year’s Eve? Woof. %%New Year %%Animal %%Puns
Where do ghosts buy their food? At the ghost-ery store! %%Halloween %%Food %%Puns
My neighbor gave me a new roof for free. He said it was on the house. %%Objects %%Puns
Which of Santa’s reindeer has the best moves? Dancer. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Puns
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward. %%Exercise %%Puns
What do you call a snail on a ship? A snailor. %%Animal %%Jobs %%Puns
How do you tell the difference between a bull and a milk cow? It is either one or the utter. %%Animal %%Puns
How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for his birthday? He felt his presents. %%Birthday %%Star Wars %%Puns
What did Santa say after returning to the North Pole? There’s snow place like home. %%Christmas %%Travel %%Puns
What do Japanese monsters like to eat ? Raw-men %%Food %%Puns
What sounds like a sneeze and is made of leather? A shoe. %%Clothing %%Riddle %%Puns
Why don’t Santa’s elves like to share? They’re elfish. %%Christmas %%Puns
Easter eggs: Not all they’re cracked up to be. %%Easter %%Food %%Puns
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it! %%Animal %%Puns
What sport did the Easter Bunny play in high school? Basketball. %%Easter %%Animal %%Sports %%Puns
Why did the teddy bear say no to dessert? Because she was stuffed. %%Toys %%Food %%Puns
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice. %%Food %%Sports %%Puns
Why is it good to drink witch’s brew? It’s very newt-tricious! %%Halloween %%Food %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Some bunny. Some bunny who? Some bunny who can’t wait to go on vacation. %%Summer %%Animal %%Knock knock %%Puns
When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein. %%DarkHumor %%Family %%Puns
What did one spring chicken say to the other? You’re egg-cellent. %%Spring %%Animal %%Puns
Who were the two best horse thieves in the world? Bonnie and Clydesdale! %%Animal %%Law %%Puns
I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg. %%Science %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Brighton. Brighton who? Brighton early, that’s when the groundhog checks his shadow. %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock %%Time %%Puns
I had a joke about boxing, but I forgot the punchline. %%Sports %%Puns %%Meta
Why does The Grinch enjoy gardening? He’s got a green thumb. %%Christmas %%Nature %%Puns
She said I won’t be able to make it. %%Wordplay %%Puns
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got all of them cut. %%Puns %%Family
Why did you join a band of pirates? Pier pressure. %%Pirate %%Music %%Puns
That’s all yolks! %%Easter %%Food %%Puns
Chick out my Easter eggs! %%Easter %%Animal %%Puns
My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, I always have a few Twix up my sleeve. %%Family %%Food %%Puns
Where’s the best place to learn to make a banana split? Sundae school. %%Food %%Education %%Puns
Why was the math book crying? It had lots of problems. %%Education %%Math %%Puns
Getting paid to sleep is a true dream job. %%Work %%Puns
Take care, polar bear %%Goodbye %%Animal %%Puns
Did you hear that Santa adopted a dog from a blacksmith? As soon as he brought him to the North Pole, he made a bolt for the door. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Jobs %%Puns
What do you call a beehive with no exit? Unbelievable! %%Animal %%Puns
Take care, Teddy bear %%Goodbye %%Toys %%Puns
Why was the traffic light late to work? It took too long to change. %%Objects %%Work %%Puns
Why are vampires easily fooled? They’re suckers. %%Halloween %%Puns
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand Because a toothbrush works better! %%Hygiene %%Puns
I was going to tell you a joke about time travel, but you didn’t like it. %%Time %%Puns %%Meta
What kind of bug hates Christmas? A bah humbug. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Puns
A guy walked into a bar, and lost the limbo contest. %%Events %%Puns
What does an evil hen lay? Deviled eggs. %%Animal %%Food %%Puns
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball. %%Animal %%Sports %%Puns
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar. %%Relationships %%Food %%DarkHumor
A pony with a cough is just a little horse. %%Animal %%Medical %%Puns
When the grocery store clerk asks me if I want the milk in a bag, I always tell him, No, I’d rather drink it out of the carton. %%Shopping %%Food %%Observational
What do cat artists usually paint? Self paw-traits. %%Cat %%Animal %%Art %%Puns
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named the worst employee at the toy factory. %%Money %%Work %%Puns
What does a limping turkey say? “Wobble, wobble.” %%Thanksgiving %%Animal %%Puns
For Father’s Day, my dad asked for a gift with no strings attached. So I bought him a broken guitar. %%Fathers Day %%Family %%Music %%Puns
Why is grass so dangerous? Because it’s full of blades. %%Nature %%Puns
How does Peter Cottontail deliver all his eggs in one night? I don’t know, but it’s probably Easter said than done. %%Easter %%Animal %%Puns
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback! %%Music %%Money %%Puns
I’m so good at sleeping that I can do it with my eyes closed! %%Observational %%Puns
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints. %%Celebrities %%Weather %%Puns
Knock Knock Who’s there?Luke Luke who? Luke who got a Valentine! %%Valentine’s Day %%Knock knock %%Puns
Where do baby cats learn to swim? The kitty pool. %%Cat %%Animal %%Sports %%Puns
What kind of music do Pilgrims listen to? Plymouth rock. %%Thanksgiving %%Music %%Puns
What did the janitor say when he jumped out the closet? Supplies! %%Jobs %%Puns
Did you hear about the haunted chicken coop? It had a poultrygiest. %%Easter %%Halloween %%Animal %%Puns
How do witches play loud music? On their broom boxes. %%Halloween %%Music %%Puns
Where do you find reindeer? I dunno, depends on where you left them. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Beth. Beth who? Beth wishes to you this Groundhog Day. %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock %%Puns
When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body. %%DarkHumor %%Puns
What does Santa eat for breakfast? Frosted Flakes %%Christmas %%Food %%Puns
I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins — I couldn’t differentiate between them. %%Education %%Math %%Puns
How do vampires know if they had a successful Valentine’s Day? If it’s love at first bite. %%Valentine’s Day %%Halloween %%Puns
My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don’t believe him, but that’s his story and he’s sticking to it. %%Books %%Puns
Did you hear about the dog who wears a swimsuit? Apparently, it looks quite fetching. %%Summer %%Animal %%Clothing %%Puns
Where would Darth Vader stay if he would settle down in the USA? The Empire State Building. %%Star Wars %%Geography %%Puns
My wife says nothing rhymes with orange. And I said, No, it doesn’t! %%Wordplay %%Observational
I was going to go on an expensive vacation with a classical pianist, but he was too baroque. %%Travel %%Music %%Money %%Puns
What did Santa ask Rudolph about the weather? Is it going to rain, dear? %%Christmas %%Animal %%Weather %%Puns
Where do fruits go on vacation?Pear-is! %%Food %%Travel %%Geography %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Sia. Sia who? Sia at the beach. %%Summer %%Knock knock %%Puns
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines, but cats-can. %%Animal %%Medical %%Puns %%Cat
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left. %%Sports %%Puns
What kind of music do the planets listen to? Nep-tunes! %%Space %%Music %%Puns
Why did the brain plant a garden? To grow some new ideas. %%Body %%Nature %%Puns
Why did the cashier rip money in half? They were asked to break a bill. %%Jobs %%Money %%Puns
What do reindeer say before telling a joke? This one will sleigh you! %%Christmas %%Animal %%Puns
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear. %%Animal %%Food %%Puns
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot. %%Food %%Animal %%Puns
How much did Santa’s sleigh cost? It was on the house. %%Christmas %%Money %%Puns
Why didn’t the man iron his four-leaf clover? He didn’t want to press his luck. %%St. Patrick’s day %%Puns
Did you hear about the Italian chef who died? He pasta way. %%Food %%Jobs %%DarkHumor %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Anita. Anita who? Anita put on sunscreen so I don’t get burned. %%Summer %%Knock knock %%Puns
What kind of motorbike does Santa ride? A Holly Davidson! %%Christmas %%Cars %%Puns
Where did the chef celebrate New Year’s? Thyme’s Square. %%New Year %%Jobs %%Food %%Puns
What did the Christmas card say to the stamp? “Stick with me and together we’ll go places.” %%Christmas %%Objects %%Puns
Why did the gym close down? It just didn’t work out. %%Exercise %%Puns
Dogs are not allowed to operate an MRI machine, but catscan! %%Animal %%Medical %%Puns %%Cat
What did one snowman say to the other? You smell carrots, too? %%Christmas %%Winter %%Puns
I’m such a morning person that I don’t even need an alarm clock. That and I drink a gallon of water before I go to bed. %%Observational %%Puns
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It’s fine, he woke up. %%School %%Puns
What do you call a stylish cat? A dandy lion. %%Cat %%Animal %%Puns
What did one plate whisper to the other plate? Dinner is on me. %%Objects %%Puns
Did you hear about the arguing chicks? They were walking on eggshells. %%Easter %%Animal %%Puns
You can’t plant flowers if you haven’t botany. %%Nature %%Puns
What do you call a rude cow? Beef jerky %%Animal %%Puns
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores. %%Pirate %%Shopping %%Puns
What’s a robot’s favorite snack? Computer chips. %%Food %%Technology %%Puns
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes. %%Jobs %%Music %%Puns
Did you know the first French fries weren’t really cooked in France? They were cooked in Grease! (Greece) %%Food %%Geography %%Puns
What’s the best Christmas gift to give? A broken drum. You can’t beat it. %%Christmas %%Music %%Objects %%Puns
That ghost was such a bad liar…I could see right through him! %%Halloween %%Puns
See ya later alligator %%Goodbye %%Animal %%Puns
All the fruits go on vacation in Pear-is. %%Food %%Travel %%Geography %%Puns
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter. %%Objects %%Puns
Why would doors do well on social media? Everyone looks for their handles. %%Objects %%Technology %%Puns
Why did the Little Drummer Boy put his drum to bed early? It was beat. %%Christmas %%Music %%Puns
How do you know if an Easter egg thinks you’re funny? It cracks up over your yokes. %%Easter %%Food %%Puns
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback. %%Sports %%Jobs %%Money %%Puns
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores! %%Pirate %%Shopping %%Puns
What’s a duck’s favorite ballet? The Nutquacker. %%Animal %%Dance %%Puns
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious. %%Nature %%Puns
What did one Christmas tree say to the other? I’m feelin’ pine. %%Christmas %%Nature %%Puns
I’m a big dreamer, so I always hit the snooze button. %%Observational %%Puns
What do you learn in witch school? Spelling. %%Halloween %%Education %%Puns
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn’t come with a driver. I can’t believe I have nothing to chauffer it. %%Cars %%Money %%Puns
What do ghosts give out to trick-or-treaters? Booberries! %%Halloween %%Food %%Puns
Why did the student eat his homework? Because the teacher told him it was a piece of cake. %%School %%Education %%Food %%Puns
Why was the bear a good fit for the job? – He had all the right koalifications. %%Animal %%Jobs %%Puns
What’s a sheep’s favorite Christmas song? Fleece Navidad. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Music %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Harry. Harry who? Harry up, I’m hungry! %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock %%Puns
Why are Christmas trees so bad at sewing? They always drop their needles. %%Christmas %%Nature %%Puns
How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner. %%Jobs %%Puns
What do pigs use to clean up? Hogwash. %%Animal %%Puns
Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it. %%Food %%Diet %%Puns
Why did the cranberry blush? It saw the turkey dressing. %%Thanksgiving %%Food %%Puns
What do you call a rude cow? Beef jerky! %%Animal %%Puns
I lost my winter weight. Now I just have spring rolls. %%Spring %%Seasons %%Food %%Puns
What’s Santa’s favorite type of music? Wrap. %%Christmas %%Music %%Puns
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me. %%Body %%Puns
Pirates are great at solving math problems. They are always trying to find out where X is. %%Pirate %%Math %%Puns
Why do reindeer have fur coats? Because they don’t fit into parkas. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Clothing %%Puns
Why didn’t Han Solo enjoy his steak dinner? It was Chewie. %%Star Wars %%Food %%Puns
How many mystery writers does it take to change a light bulb? Two: One to screw it in most of the way and another to give it a surprise twist at the end. %%Jobs %%Literature %%Puns
I’ve been bored recently so I’ve decided to take up fencing. The neighbors said they will call the police unless I put it back. %%Hobbies %%Law %%Puns
Why is it always cold on Christmas? Because it’s in Decem-burr. %%Christmas %%Weather %%Puns
What did one snowman say to the other? You’re cool. %%Christmas %%Winter %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Harmony. Harmony who? Harmony days until summer? %%Summer %%Knock knock %%Puns
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants! %%Spring %%Nature %%Puns
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex. %%Food %%Money %%Puns
Why did the coach run to the bank in such a hurry? To get his quarterback. %%Sports %%Jobs %%Money %%Puns
How do ye turn a pirate furious? Take away the “p.” %%Pirate %%Puns
What did the flowers do when the bride walked down the aisle? They rose. %%Events %%Nature %%Puns
What’s the difference between a dad joke and a bad joke? The direction of the first letter. %%Meta %%Puns
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto. %%Puns %%Wordplay
How do ghosts wash their hair? With sham-boo! %%Halloween %%Puns
I have a joke about a broken pencil, but it’s pointless. %%Objects %%Puns %%Meta
What do you say when Dwayne Johnson buys something to cut with? Rock pay-for scissors. %%Celebrities %%Puns
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos. %%Halloween %%Events %%Money %%Puns
See ya soon baboon %%Goodbye %%Animal %%Puns
What do you call a droid that takes the long way around? R2 detour. %%Star Wars %%Puns
Want to know why nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood. %%Medical %%Jobs %%Puns
What do you call a pig pen in winter? A pig-loo. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Puns
The plot chickens... %%Easter %%Animal %%Puns
Did you hear about the ski trip? It started off fine, but went downhill fast. %%Christmas %%Sports %%Puns
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk. %%Summer %%Animal %%Puns
How much does a pirate pay to get his ears pierced? A buck an ear. %%Pirate %%Money %%Puns
Why can’t you shock reindeer? They’ve herd it all. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Puns
I’ll never trust atoms. They make up everything! %%Science %%Puns
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it becomes a soap opera. %%Hygiene %%Puns
We have great chemis-tree. %%Science %%Nature %%Puns
I lost 25% of my roof last night...oof. %%Objects %%Puns
Why did the pony ask for a glass of water? Because it was a little horse. %%Animal %%Puns
Why do birds fly south for Christmas? It’s too far to walk. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Travel %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Santa. Santa who? Santa Claus, duh! %%Knock knock %%Christmas %%Puns
Where do polar bears keep their money? In a snow bank! %%Animal %%Money %%Puns
What do you call 3.14 men out at sea? ’Pi’-rates %%Pirate %%Math %%Puns
Who delivers Christmas presents to cats and dogs? Santa Paws. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Puns %%Cat
I got an anonymous compliment about my parking skills today. It said, Parking fine. %%Cars %%Puns
What kind of cars do cats drive? Catillacs. %%Animal %%Cars %%Puns %%Cat
I used to hate facial hair, but it grew on me. %%Observational %%Puns
I can guess what people do for a living just by looking at their hands. I mean, I’m usually wrong, but I can guess. %%Observational %%Jobs
I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said, Never mind. %%Shopping %%Observational
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Sandy. Sandy who? Sandy Claus is coming to town. %%Knock knock %%Christmas %%Puns
Why is Santa so good at karate? He’s got a black belt. %%Christmas %%Sports %%Puns
I know a lot of jokes about retired people, but none of them work. %%Work %%Puns
What’s a ninja’s favorite type of shoes? Sneakers. %%Clothing %%Puns
What do you call 26 letters that went for a swim? Alphawetical. %%Wordplay %%Puns
How can you mend a broken pumpkin? Use a pumpkin patch. %%Halloween %%Objects %%Puns
What is a ghost’s favorite day of the week? Fright-day! %%Halloween %%Time %%Puns
Where do ducks go when they are sick? The ducktor’s office. %%Animal %%Medical %%Puns
What do you call a fake noodle? Impasta. %%Food %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Anita. Anita who? Anita bigger pair of pants, I ate too much pumpkin pie. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock %%Food %%Puns
Why can’t Santa spell “elf?” Because he has noel. %%Christmas %%Wordplay %%Puns
What’s Forrest Gump’s Facebook password? 1forest1. %%Movies %%Technology %%Puns
What do you call a camel that cries? A humpback wail. %%Animal %%Puns
What do you call someone who always states the obvious? Someone who always states the obvious. %%Observational %%Meta
What do witches put on to go trick or treating? Mas-scare-a. %%Halloween %%Puns
Where do reindeer go if they lose a tail? The retail store. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Shopping %%Puns
Why should you never mention the number 288? It’s two gross %%Math %%Puns
Have you heard any good pirate jokes? Neither have ayeeee. %%Pirate %%Puns %%Meta
What do you call a fake Santa? A faux Claus. %%Christmas %%Puns
How do you save a dying pirate? C P arrrrrrr %%Pirate %%Medical %%Puns
Can February March? No, but April May. %%April Fools %%Time %%Puns
Why was the flower late to work? It stayed in bed. %%Spring %%Nature %%Work %%Puns
What rhymes with boo and stinks? You. %%Puns %%Insult
Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog. %%Animal %%Food %%Puns
How does Santa take photos? With a Pole-aroid camera, of course. %%Christmas %%Technology %%Puns
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle. %%Weather %%Animal %%Puns %%Cat
What did the pirate want to be when he grew up? He said he always wanted to be an arrr-chitect. %%Pirate %%Jobs %%Puns
Why did the duck go to the bank? She wanted to get more bills. %%Animal %%Money %%Puns
Why shouldn’t you tell ducks jokes on April Fools’ Day? They’ll quack up. %%April Fools %%Animal %%Puns
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word. %%Observational %%Wordplay
A guy walks into a bar and is immediately disqualified from the limbo contest. %%Events %%Puns
What kind of bug can tell time? A clock-roach. %%Animal %%Time %%Puns
Why does Santa always enter through the chimney? Because it soots him. %%Christmas %%Puns
I just got hit in the head with a soda can. Thankfully it was a soft drink. %%Food %%Puns
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them. %%Nature %%Food %%Riddle
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels. %%Objects %%Puns %%Meta
Why did the tree fail the quiz? The questions left it stumped. %%Spring %%Nature %%Education %%Puns
Did you hear about the killer whale that learned to play the flute? He wanted to be in the orca-stra. %%Summer %%Animal %%Music %%Puns
Why is sand so optimistic? It has a can-dune attitude. %%Nature %%Puns
Mom says I have no sense of direction, so I packed my bags and right. %%Family %%Travel %%Puns
How can a leopard change his spots? By moving. %%Animal %%Puns
What do reindeers say before they tell you a joke? This one’s gonna sleigh you! %%Christmas %%Animal %%Puns
What happened when the world’s tongue-twister champion got arrested? They gave him a tough sentence. %%Law %%Puns
Why should you stand on one leg on New Year’s Eve? To start the new year on the right foot. %%New Year %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Murray. Murray who? Murray Christmas to you! %%Knock knock %%Christmas %%Puns
What did the seal with one fin say to the shark? If seal is broken, do not consume. %%Animal %%Puns
What do you call a priest who becomes a lawyer? A father in law. %%Jobs %%Family %%Religion %%Puns
Official member of the eggs-ploration team. %%Easter %%Food %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Ken. Ken who? Ken you help me decorate the Christmas tree? %%Christmas %%Knock knock %%Puns
The farmers lost all their crops and decided to try a career in music instead. They just had too many sick beets. %%Farming %%Music %%Puns
What room doesn’t a ghost need in a house? A living room. %%Halloween %%Objects %%Puns
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank. %%Animal %%Money %%Puns
How many Christmas trees can you plant in the ground? All of them. %%Christmas %%Nature %%Riddle
A son tells his father, I have an imaginary girlfriend. The father sighs and says, You know, you could do better. Thanks Dad, the son says. That means a lot. The father shakes his head and goes, I was talking to your girlfriend. %%Family %%Relationships %%Observational
What do you get if a bird kisses you? A peck on the cheek. %%Animal %%Puns
What did the fashion police say to the sweater? I’m going to pull you over. %%Clothing %%Law %%Puns
Why don’t Christmas trees knit? They keeping dropping their needles. %%Christmas %%Nature %%Puns
Why do some couples go to the gym? Because they want their relationship to work out. %%Exercise %%Relationships %%Puns
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it! %%Objects %%Dance %%Puns
What kind of shoes do frogs wear when spring comes? Open-toad. %%Spring %%Animal %%Clothing %%Puns
What kind of pickles do spring flowers like? Daffo-dills. %%Spring %%Nature %%Food %%Puns
What do you call an Easter Bunny with fleas? Bugs Bunny. %%Easter %%Animal %%Puns
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere! %%Space %%Food %%Puns
Where do little trees go to become Christmas trees? Elementree school! %%Christmas %%Nature %%Education %%Puns
I wondered why the ball was getting bigger. Then it hit me. %%Objects %%Puns
What did the air conditioner say when it met a celebrity? I’m a big fan. %%Objects %%Puns
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know. %%Shopping %%Animal %%Food %%Puns %%Meta
How do you make 7 even? Take away the s. %%Wordplay %%Math
I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. No, I said. It’s to look at. %%Family %%Puns
Did Rudolph go to school? No he was ’elf’ taught. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Education %%Puns
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? 10 tickles. %%Animal %%Puns
Why did the polar bear buy a compass? To get his bear-ings. %%Animal %%Puns
What did the scarecrow win an award for? He was outstanding in his field. %%Farming %%Puns
How did Scrooge win the football game? The ghost of Christmas passed. %%Christmas %%Sports %%Puns
Why are rutabagas so popular at Thanksgiving dinner? Because they know how to turnip a good beet. %%Thanksgiving %%Food %%Puns
Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold, hard cash. %%Money %%Puns
Why do giants sound so smart? They use big words! %%Mythology %%Puns
Your mom and I let astrology get between us. It just Taurus apart. %%Astrology %%Relationships %%Puns
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet. %%Space %%Jobs %%Puns
How many blueberries can you grow on a bush? All of them. %%Summer %%Nature %%Food %%Riddle
When do cows turn into werewolves? During the full mooooooooon. %%Halloween %%Animal %%Puns
What is Marco’s favorite clothing store? Polo. %%Games %%Clothing %%Puns
What did one bee say to the other? I love bee-ing with you, honey! %%Valentine’s Day %%Animal %%Puns
What did the cop say when he a snowman stealing? Freeze! %%Christmas %%Law %%Puns
Taylor Swift is immune to vampires. They know she has bad blood. %%Music %%Celebrities %%Halloween %%Puns
How do vampires get around on Halloween? On blood vessels. %%Halloween %%Travel %%Puns
What shade of red is your heart? Beat red! %%Valentine’s Day %%Body %%Puns
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I’ll be suing ya. %%Jobs %%Puns
Who’s the snowman’s favorite rapper? Ice Cube. %%Christmas %%Winter %%Music %%Puns
What kind of spells do Irish witches cast? Lucky charms. %%St. Patrick’s day %%Halloween %%Puns
Why did the leprechaun go the home store? He needed paddy o’ furniture. %%St. Patrick’s day %%Shopping %%Puns
Did you hear about the cat that burned dinner? It had to start over from scratch. %%Cat %%Animal %%Food %%Puns
What is a witch’s favorite subject in school? Spelling. %%Halloween %%Education %%Puns
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school. %%Food %%Education %%Puns
How does a cucumber become a pickle? It goes through a jarring experience %%Food %%Puns
After dinner, my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it. %%Family %%Puns
What do dogs and phones have in common? Both have collar ID. %%Animal %%Technology %%Puns
What’s blue and doesn’t weigh much? Light blue. %%Color %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Wren. Wren who? Wren are we going to the pool? %%Summer %%Knock knock %%Puns
Why did the bed wear a disguise? It was undercover. %%Objects %%Puns
How do Christmas trees get ready for a party? They spruce up! %%Christmas %%Nature %%Events %%Puns
Where do birds stay when they go on vacation? Someplace cheep. %%Summer %%Animal %%Travel %%Puns
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up. %%Food %%Puns
Why did the Invisible Man turn down a job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it. %%Characters %%Jobs %%Puns
What do you call a happy cowboy? A jolly rancher. %%People %%Food %%Puns
When is a polar bear not a polar bear? When it is unbearable. %%Animal %%Puns
What’s green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels. %%Nature %%Puns
Why don’t Pilgrims tell secrets in the cornfield? There are too many ears around. %%Thanksgiving %%Farming %%Puns
What do you call a stupid pirate? The pillage idiot %%Pirate %%Puns
What time do ducks get up? The quack of dawn. %%Animal %%Time %%Puns
A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. You can’t cut me down, the tree complains. I’m a talking tree! The man responds, You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue. %%Nature %%Magic %%Puns
Before I agree to 2024, I’m going to need to see the terms and conditions. %%New Year %%Observational
What did the llama say to his date? Want to go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch. %%Animal %%Food %%Puns
What’s a Christmas tree’s favorite candy? Orna-mints. %%Christmas %%Nature %%Food %%Puns
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar. %%Space %%Jobs %%Technology %%Puns
When Silver Surfer and Iron Man team up, what do you call them? Alloys. %%Characters %%Science %%Puns
What did the duck say after he finished dinner? Put it on my bill. %%Animal %%Money %%Puns
Did you hear Mrs. Claus got Santa a new refrigerator for Christmas? His face lights up every time he opens it. %%Christmas %%Objects %%Puns
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. Summer wasn’t bad either. %%Fathers Day %%Seasons %%Puns
How can you tell if a snowman doesn’t like you? He gives you the cold shoulder. %%Christmas %%Winter %%Puns
What do cows do on Thanksgiving? They go to the moo-vies. %%Thanksgiving %%Animal %%Movies %%Puns
Why don’t you ever date a tennis player? Because love means nothing to them. %%Valentine’s Day %%Sports %%Relationships %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Icy. Icy who? Icy you. %%Christmas %%Knock knock %%Puns
I’m the best at putting leaves in boiling water. It’s my special tea. %%Food %%Puns
Why did the deer go to the dentist? It had buck teeth. %%Animal %%Medical %%Puns
I poured root beer in a square glass. Now I just have beer. %%Food %%Puns
How does Jack Frost get to work? On a snowmobile. %%Christmas %%Winter %%Travel %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Coal. Coal who? Coal Santa, it’s Christmas. %%Christmas %%Knock knock %%Puns
Why did the orange stop halfway across the road? It ran out of juice. %%Fathers Day %%Cross the road %%Food %%Puns
You’re egg-ceptional. %%Easter %%Food %%Puns
How many presents can Santa fit in an empty sack? Just one. After that, it’s not empty! %%Christmas %%Riddle
What’s green, covered in tinsel and goes, "Ribbet, ribbet?" A mistle-toad. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Puns
Did you hear about the cheese factory that got blown up? Da brie was everywhere. %%Fathers Day %%Food %%Puns
I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes. She gave me a hug. %%Family %%Relationships %%Puns
The first thing Santa’s elves learn in school is their elf-abet. %%Christmas %%Education %%Puns
Blow a kiss jelly fish %%Goodbye %%Animal %%Puns
What do gingerbread men use when they break their legs? Candy canes %%Christmas %%Food %%Medical %%Puns
What do you call fake spaghetti? Impasta! %%Fathers Day %%Food %%Puns
Why was the color green notoriously single? It was always so jaded. %%Color %%Relationships %%Puns
What do you call friends you like to eat with? – Taste buds. %%Food %%Relationships %%Puns
My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. I’m feeling cannelloni right now. %%Food %%Relationships %%Puns
What did Tennessee? The same thing as Arkansas. %%Geography %%Puns
Why was the calendar afraid? Its days were numbered. %%Objects %%Puns
What does Santa call the reindeer with no eyes? I have no eyed deer. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Puns
What does a baby computer call its father? Data! %%Technology %%Family %%Puns
What did the shocked pumpkin say to the squash? “Oh my gourd!” %%Thanksgiving %%Food %%Puns
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well. %%Puns
A friend of mine didn’t pay his exorcist. He got repossessed. %%Religion %%Money %%Puns
What do you call it when Batman skips church? Christian Bale. %%Characters %%Religion %%Celebrities %%Puns
What did the dishwasher say to the oven after a productive day? You’ve been on fire! %%Objects %%Puns
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries. %%Halloween %%Food %%Puns
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y. %%Wordplay %%Puns
What do you call a snowman who works out? An abdominal snowman. %%Christmas %%Winter %%Exercise %%Puns
Did you hear about the turkey who went to jail? It was arrested for fowl play. %%Thanksgiving %%Animal %%Law %%Puns
Why did the stuffing cross the road? To get to the other sides. %%Thanksgiving %%Cross the road %%Food %%Puns
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs! %%Meta %%Family
My New Year’s resolution was to read more, so I turned on the subtitles on my TV. %%New Year %%Technology %%Observational
What did one hat say to the other hat? You stay here, I’ll go on ahead! %%Clothing %%Puns
Why was Santa’s little helper so sad? He had low elf-esteem. %%Christmas %%Puns
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it. %%Objects %%Dance %%Puns
Where does Dracula keep his money? At the blood bank. %%Halloween %%Money %%Puns
Did somebunny say “Easter”? %%Easter %%Animal %%Puns
What’s long and green and only shows up once a year? The St. Patrick’s Day parade. %%St. Patrick’s day %%Events %%Puns
What does every birthday end with? The letter Y. %%Birthday %%Wordplay
Do pirates enjoy fighting? Sword of... %%Pirate %%Puns
What’s the luckiest band to listen to on New Year’s Day? Black-Eyed Peas %%New Year %%Music %%Puns
Do you want to hear two short jokes and a long joke? Joke! Joke! Jooooooooooooooooke. %%Meta %%Puns
Seeing a pirate ship in person is truly oar-inspiring. %%Pirate %%Objects %%Puns
Why does Santa have three gardens? So he can ho ho ho. %%Christmas %%Nature %%Puns
Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted. %%Food %%Puns
Did you hear about the turkey that plays baseball? He covers first baste. %%Thanksgiving %%Animal %%Sports %%Puns
I only wear clothes made out of paper. I guess you could call my fashion sense tearable. %%Clothing %%Puns
My IQ test results came back. They were negative. %%Observational %%Puns
What kind of music does the Easter Bunny listen to? Hip Hop. %%Easter %%Animal %%Music %%Puns
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? He woke up. %%School %%Puns
What do you call someone who says they know all the words to Auld Lang Syne? A liar. %%New Year %%Music %%Observational
What’s a kitten’s favorite game? Cat and mouse. %%Cat %%Animal %%Games %%Puns
How do you weigh a millennial? In Instagrams. %%People %%Technology %%Puns
How can you tell the difference between a dog and tree? By their bark. %%Animal %%Nature %%Puns
What did the cat say on January 1? Happy Mew Year! %%New Year %%Cat %%Animal %%Puns
Peep-a-boo! %%Easter %%Food %%Puns
What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener. %%Objects %%Puns
What did the roof say to the shingle? The first one’s on the house. %%Objects %%Puns
Where do you learn to make a banana split? Sundae school. %%Food %%Education %%Puns
What do you call the world’s smallest Valentine’s Day card? A valen-teeny. %%Valentine’s Day %%Puns
How do pirates celebrate April Fools’ Day? They walk the prank. %%April Fools %%Pirate %%Puns
How can you tell when a flower is joking around? If it’s pollen your leg. %%Spring %%Nature %%Puns
Why did the scarecrow get an award? Because he was outstanding in his field. %%Farming %%Puns
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated. %%Animal %%Clothing %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Coal. Coal who? Coal Santa, it’s Christmas. %%Knock knock %%Christmas %%Puns
Why can’t Monday lift Saturday? It is a weak day. %%Time %%Puns
Who always has a date on Valentine’s Day A calendar. %%Valentine’s Day %%Objects %%Puns
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear! %%Animal %%Food %%Puns
Why were spectators confused by the koala’s self-portrait? It was bear. %%Animal %%Art %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Allie. Allie who? Allie want for Christmas is you. %%Knock knock %%Christmas %%Music %%Puns
I never liked my dad’s facial hair. But now it’s starting to grow on me. %%Fathers Day %%Family %%Puns
What do you call a girl in the middle of a tennis court? Annette. %%Sports %%Puns
What kind of spells do leprechauns use? Lucky Charms. %%St. Patrick’s day %%Magic %%Puns
I have a joke about construction, but I’m still working on it. %%Jobs %%Puns %%Meta
What did the sapphire’s best friend tell her? You’re a real gem. %%Objects %%Puns
How do billboards talk to each other? Sign language. %%Objects %%Puns
Have your elf a merry little Christmas. %%Christmas %%Puns
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it! %%Objects %%Dance %%Puns
Keep the dream alive, and hit the snooze button. %%Observational %%Puns
What did Santa do when his sleigh broke down? He got it mistle-toed. %%Christmas %%Travel %%Puns
What’s a donkey’s favorite party game? Pin the tail on the human. %%Animal %%Games %%Puns
What kind of music should you listen to while fishing? Something catchy! %%Music %%Hobbies %%Puns
How do elves produce toys so quickly? They make short work of it. %%Christmas %%Work %%Puns
Why don’t insects get sick? They have anty-bodies. %%Summer %%Animal %%Medical %%Puns
What game are tornadoes the best at? Twister. %%Weather %%Games %%Puns
What do you call a dog magician? A labracadabrador. %%Animal %%Magic %%Puns
How can you tell if a plant is good at math? It has square roots. %%Spring %%Nature %%Math %%Puns
I told my girlfriend she drew on her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised. %%Relationships %%Puns
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk. %%Animal %%Food %%Puns
I wish my kids weren’t offended by my Frozen jokes. They really need to let it go! %%Movies %%Family %%Puns
What did the pirate say about his girlfriend? "She had me at ’Ahoy!" %%Pirate %%Relationships %%Puns
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs. %%Meta %%Family
What happens when ice cream gets angry? It has a meltdown. %%Food %%Puns
It really takes guts to be an organ donor. %%Medical %%Puns
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock. %%Summer %%Objects %%Medical %%Puns
What’s the best way to make gold soup? Use 14 karats. %%St. Patrick’s day %%Food %%Money %%Puns
A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, I’m sorry, but you only have ten left. The patient asks him, Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks? The doctor calmly looks at him and says, Nine. %%Medical %%DarkHumor %%Puns
Where did the cat go after losing its tail? The retail store %%Cat %%Animal %%Shopping %%Puns
What kind of bird works on a construction site? A crane. %%Animal %%Jobs %%Puns
What’s worse than when it’s raining cats and dogs? Hailing taxis. %%Weather %%Puns %%Cat
Which spice is the most festive? Christmas thyme. %%Christmas %%Food %%Puns
What did the tree say when summer finally arrived? What a re-leaf. %%Summer %%Nature %%Puns
What’s the difference between a man wearing pajamas on a bicycle and a guy wearing a tuxedo on a unicycle? Attire. %%Clothing %%Puns
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad! %%Animal %%Cars %%Puns
What do you call birds that stick together? Velcrows %%Animal %%Puns
How are false teeth like stars? They come out at night. %%Medical %%Space %%Puns
What did one pumpkin pie say to the other? “You wanna piece of me?” %%Thanksgiving %%Food %%Puns
What has a bow but can’t be tied? A rainbow. %%Spring %%Nature %%Riddle
What’s every parent’s favorite Christmas Carol? Silent Night. %%Christmas %%Family %%Music %%Puns
What kind of grades did the pirate get in school? High Cs. %%Pirate %%Education %%Puns
What did Benjamin Franklin say when he discovered electricity? Nothing. He was too shocked. %%History %%Science %%Puns
This guy was fired for always sweeping girls off their feet. He was a super-aggressive janitor. %%Jobs %%Puns
What’s green, covered in tinsel and goes ‘ribbet ribbet’? A Mistle-toad. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Puns
How do you cure a fear of a speed bump? You slowly get over it. %%Cars %%Puns
Knock Knock Who’s there? Olive Olive who? Olive you! %%Valentine’s Day %%Knock knock %%Puns
What did one pumpkin pie say to the other? You’re gourd-ous. %%Thanksgiving %%Food %%Puns
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing. %%Food %%Puns
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it. %%Religion %%Science %%Puns
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless. %%Objects %%Puns
What’s the best Christmas gift to give? A broken drum. You can’t beat it. %%Christmas %%Music %%Objects %%Puns
What did the salt say to the pepper on Christmas? Seasonings greetings! %%Christmas %%Food %%Puns
Why don’t skeletons fight each other? They don’t have the guts! %%Halloween %%Puns
What’s a skeleton’s favorite dish at a BBQ? Ribs! %%Halloween %%Food %%Puns
What do you call a skull without 86 billion neurons? A no brainer. %%Body %%Puns
To the person who stole my case of energy drinks: I hope you can’t sleep at night. %%Food %%Puns
Why did police arrest the turkey? They suspected fowl play. %%Thanksgiving %%Animal %%Law %%Puns
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1 %%Movies %%Technology %%Puns
Never talk to me about fashion. It just goes in one year and out the other. %%New Year %%Clothing %%Puns
I brought an egg to a comedy show and he cracked up. %%Food %%Events %%Puns
What was the first animal in space? The cow that jumped over the moon. %%Animal %%Space %%Puns
Why does Santa go down the chimney instead of through the front door? Because it soots him. %%Christmas %%Puns
What did the cop say when he a snowman stealing? Freeze! %%Christmas %%Law %%Puns
Why don’t chicks play baseball? Too many fowl plays. %%Easter %%Animal %%Sports %%Puns
How do you wish a dog Merry Christmas? Feliz Navi-dog. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Puns
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest. %%Jobs %%Money %%Puns
Why did the raisin go out with the prune? Because he couldn’t find a date. %%Food %%Relationships %%Puns
Why does Darth Vader always sound so angry when he breathes? He’s always venting. %%Star Wars %%Puns
What comes at the beginning of parades? The letter “p.” %%Thanksgiving %%Events %%Wordplay
How do you tell a scientist that they have bad breath? Offer them an experi-mint. %%Science %%Puns
What’s a vampire’s favorite fruit? Neck-tarines. %%Halloween %%Food %%Puns
I hate Velcro. It’s a rip off. %%Objects %%Puns
It hurts me to say this, but I have a sore throat. %%Medical %%Puns
Spiders are so smart, they know everything on the web. %%Halloween %%Animal %%Technology %%Puns
Why did the dinosaur cross the road? Because the chicken wasn’t born yet. %%Cross the road %%Animal %%Puns
What has one horn and gives milk? A milk truck. %%Riddle %%Puns
What do you get if Santa goes down the chimney when a fire is lit? Krisp Kringle. %%Christmas %%Puns
Apparently it was the fridge shrinking my clothes…not the dryer. %%Objects %%Observational
I was addicted to the hokey pokey…but I turned myself around. %%Dance %%Puns
What kind of fruit do you bring while sailing? Naval oranges. %%Food %%Travel %%Puns
How does a scientist freshen her breath? With experi-mints. %%Science %%Puns
When does Friday come before Thursday? In the dictionary. %%Time %%Wordplay %%Riddle
What is the most popular fish in the ocean? A starfish. %%Animal %%Puns
Where do you find a turkey with no legs? Exactly where you left it. %%Thanksgiving %%Animal %%Puns
Who was the fattest knight at King Arthur’s round table? Sir Cumference. %%History %%Characters %%Puns
Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll. %%Puns %%Meta
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero. %%Food %%Sports %%Puns
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet — I just don’t know y. %%Wordplay %%Puns
What did one candle say to the other? Do you want to go out tonight? %%Objects %%Puns
My wife said if she didn’t like my Christmas gift she’d burn it. So I got her a candle. %%Christmas %%Family %%Objects %%DarkHumor
What is a guitar player’s favorite Italian food? Strum-boli. %%Music %%Food %%Puns
Why was the football stadium cold? There were too many fans. [%Sports] %%Sports %%Puns
Why did the physicist and the biologist break up? Because they had no chemistry. %%Science %%Relationships %%Puns
What should you expect at the end of Thanksgiving? The letter “g.” %%Thanksgiving %%Wordplay
When does it rain brains? During a brain storm! %%Body %%Weather %%Puns
Do you know the story about the chicken that crossed the road? Me neither, I couldn’t follow it. %%Cross the road %%Animal %%Puns %%Meta
Most people can’t tell the difference between entomology and etymology. I can’t find the words for how much this bugs me. %%Wordplay %%Puns
Who’s the snowman’s favorite rapper? Ice Cube. %%Christmas %%Winter %%Music %%Puns
What kind of rabbit delivers Easter eggs to fish? The Oyster Bunny. %%Easter %%Animal %%Puns
What was Luke’s secret codename before he got his mechanical limb? Hand Solo %%Star Wars %%Puns
What do you call a pudgy psychic? A four-chin teller. %%Puns %%Wordplay
What is a calendar’s favorite food? Dates. %%Objects %%Food %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Ivana. Ivana who? Ivana candy cane. %%Knock knock %%Christmas %%Food %%Puns
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? Because it lost its filling. %%Food %%Medical %%Puns
Why can’t motorcycles do push-ups? Because they’re always two-tired. %%Cars %%Exercise %%Puns
What did the salt say to the pepper on Christmas? Seasonings greetings! %%Christmas %%Food %%Puns
That circus fire was in tents. %%Events %%Puns
How did one wave greet the other wave? She waved. %%Nature %%Puns
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback. %%Music %%Money %%Puns
What does garlic do before it showers? Takes its cloves off. %%Food %%Hygiene %%Puns
What do you call sweets that can keep a beat? Candy rappers. %%Valentine’s Day %%Food %%Music %%Puns
Why did the tailor get fired? He wasn’t a good fit. %%Jobs %%Clothing %%Puns
I began to read a horror novel in braille. Something bad is about to happen—I can feel it. %%Books %%DarkHumor %%Puns
When I was younger, my parents told me I can be anyone I dreamed of becoming. Then I learned the hard way that identity theft is a crime. %%Family %%Law %%Observational
Why are pirates bad at singing the alphabet song? They get stuck at C. %%Pirate %%Music %%Puns
How did the pirate get his Jolly Roger so cheaply? He bought it on sail. %%Pirate %%Money %%Puns
Why was the broom late? It over swept. %%Objects %%Puns
What kind of bird works on a construction site? A crane. %%Animal %%Jobs %%Puns
I was wondering why the ball kept getting bigger and bigger… // And then it hit me. %%Objects %%Puns
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck. %%Nature %%Puns
Did you hear about the snowman prom? It was a snowball. %%Christmas %%Winter %%Events %%Puns
What country’s capital is growing the fastest? Ireland. Every day it’s Dublin. %%Geography %%Puns
What do you call a camel with no humps? Humpfrey! %%Animal %%Puns
How did the snowman pay for his groceries? With cold cash. %%Christmas %%Winter %%Money %%Puns
What do witches’ cats like to eat for breakfast? Mice crispies! %%Halloween %%Cat %%Animal %%Food %%Puns
The last time my dad played baseball he got arrested. Apparently he tried to steal second base. %%Fathers Day %%Family %%Sports %%Law %%Puns
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh! %%Animal %%Puns
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine. %%Family %%DarkHumor %%Puns
Why did the computer get mad at the printer? Because it didn’t like its toner voice. %%Technology %%Puns
How does Punxsutawney Phil greet his parents? With hogs and kisses. %%Groundhog Day %%Animal %%Family %%Puns
What’s the name of a very polite, European body of water? Merci. %%Nature %%Geography %%Puns
A turtle is crossing the road when he’s mugged by two snails. When the police ask him what happened, the shaken turtle replies, I don’t know. It all happened so fast. %%Animal %%Law %%Puns
A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head. The bartender says, What’s with the paper towel? The pirate says, Arrr! I’ve got a Bounty on me head! %%Pirate %%Puns
Where does Santa stay on vacation? At a ho-ho-ho-tel. %%Christmas %%Travel %%Puns
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them. %%Sports %%Relationships %%Puns
Who is Santa’s favorite singer? Elf-is Presley. %%Christmas %%Music %%Puns
How did Scrooge win the soccer game? The Ghost of Christmas passed. %%Christmas %%Sports %%Puns
I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. %%Science %%Observational %%Puns
A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally. %%Wordplay %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? A herd. A herd who? A herd you were hosting Thanksgiving this year. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock %%Puns
Did you hear about the red and blue ships that collided? All the sailors were marooned. %%Objects %%Color %%Puns
I want to make a brief joke, but it’s a little cheesy. %%Food %%Puns %%Meta
I accidentally dropped my pillow on the floor. I think it has a concushion. %%Objects %%Puns
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Aisle. Aisle who? Aisle be seeing you on Groundhog Day. %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock %%Puns
What did the daddy buffalo say to his son when he left for camp? Bison. %%Animal %%Family %%Puns
Dyeing eggs: Easter said than done. %%Easter %%Food %%Puns
What is a polar bear’s favourite type of fast food? Ice berg-ers. %%Animal %%Food %%Puns
Why are balloons so expensive? Inflation! %%Objects %%Money %%Puns
Get the elf out of here. %%Christmas %%Puns
Why are fish so smart? Because they live in schools. %%Animal %%Education %%Puns
Did you hear the one about the rude turkey? It was jerk-y. %%Thanksgiving %%Animal %%Puns
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words! %%Mythology %%Puns
Why did the computer get glasses? To improve its website. %%Technology %%Puns
What do fish use to buy groceries? Sand dollars %%Summer %%Animal %%Money %%Puns
I’m writing a book about glue, but I’m stuck on the first chapter. %%Books %%Puns
How do you fix a pumpkin with a hole in it? With a pumpkin patch! %%Halloween %%Food %%Puns
How do you identify a dogwood tree? By its bark. %%Fathers Day %%Nature %%Animal %%Puns
How does a hurricane see? With one eye. %%Weather %%Puns
How do you fix a broken jack-o-lantern? With a pumpkin patch. %%Halloween %%Food %%Objects %%Puns
Where do Santa’s reindeer stop for coffee? Star-bucks. %%Christmas %%Animal %%Food %%Puns
Where does Santa cash his checks? At the snow bank. %%Christmas %%Money %%Puns
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece. %%Geography %%Time %%Puns
You can tell it’s a dogwood tree from its bark. %%Nature %%Animal %%Puns
What do you call a cow that won’t give milk? A milk dud. %%Animal %%Food %%Puns
What do you call a dancing chick? Poultry in motion. %%Easter %%Animal %%Dance %%Puns
Why do snowmen live at the North Pole? Because it’s cool. %%Christmas %%Winter %%Puns
A brain walks into a bar and takes a seat. I’d like some wings and a pint of beer, please, it says. Sorry, but I can’t serve you, the bartender replies. You’re out of your head. %%Body %%Puns
Why did the cat bring its watch to the bank? It wanted to save time. %%Cat %%Animal %%Money %%Time %%Puns
What side of a tree grows the most branches? The outside! %%Nature %%Riddle
What’s a parrot’s favourite game? Hide and speak. %%Animal %%Games %%Puns
How do Santa’s elves get around the North Pole? They ride icicles. %%Christmas %%Travel %%Puns
What do you call a kid who doesn’t believe in Santa? A rebel without a Claus. %%Christmas %%Puns
When I was a kid, my dad got fired from his job as a road worker for theft. I refused to believe he could do such a thing, but when I got home, the signs were all there. %%Family %%Jobs %%Law %%Puns
What did the papa cow say to the baby cow? It’s pasture bedtime. %%Fathers Day %%Animal %%Family %%Puns
The football coach went to the bank to get his quarterback. %%Sports %%Jobs %%Money %%Puns
Where does the Easter Bunny live? Nobunny knows. %%Easter %%Animal %%Puns
Why do M&Ms go to school? Because they want to be a Smartie. %%Food %%Education %%Puns
Why did the student eat his homework? The teacher said it was a piece of cake. %%Education %%Food %%Puns
What should you do if you meet a giant? Use big words. %%Mythology %%Puns
In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart. %%Law %%Science %%Puns
What does Santa use to clean his sleigh? Comet. %%Christmas %%Puns
I never buy pre-shredded cheese because doing it yourself is grate. %%Food %%Puns
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine! %%Math %%Puns
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They’re making headlines. %%Objects %%Puns
Have a happy Easter, for Peep’s sake. %%Easter %%Food %%Puns
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane. %%Science %%Travel %%Puns
What does a gingerbread man use to make his bed? A cookie sheet. %%Christmas %%Food %%Puns
Someone told me that I should write a book. I said, That’s a novel concept. %%Books %%Puns
How many paranoids does it take to change a light bulb? Who wants to know? %%Puns
How do birds learn to fly? They wing it. %%Animal %%Puns
What did the big flower say to the tiny flower? Hey there bud! %%Nature %%Puns
What’s the most popular Christmas wine? I don’t like Brussels sprouts! %%Christmas %%Food %%Puns
Why is the ocean so clean? It has mer-maids. %%Summer %%Nature %%Puns
Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is? No sun. %%Family %%Space %%Puns
How does Punxsutawney Phil stay cool in the summer? He has many fans. %%Groundhog Day %%Animal %%Summer %%Puns
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs! %%Family %%Animal %%Objects %%Puns
Did you hear about the nurse who didn’t want to become a doctor? She didn’t have the patients. %%Medical %%Jobs %%Puns
Why couldn’t the family leave the room after playing with Legos? They were blocked. %%Toys %%Puns
What is a vampire’s favorite halloween candy? A sucker. %%Halloween %%Food %%Puns
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. %%Space %%Puns
What did one Dorito farmer say to the other? Cool Ranch!
Why didn’t the teddy bear come down for dinner? He was already stuffed.
What’s it called when a snowman throws a tantrum? A meltdown.
Prepare to dye. (Kidding.) %%Easter
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
Of all the inventions of the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable.
Who did Frankenstein go trick-or-treating with? His ghoul friend. %%Halloween
What do you call a song about a tortilla? A wrap.
Women should not have children after 36—really, 36 children is enough.
Why are witches good at farming? Because they love occult-ivation.
What do witches’ cats eat for breakfast? Mice crispies. %%Halloween
What do you call a group of rabbits walking away from you? A receding hareline. %%Easter
What do lawyers wear to work? Law suits.
How do you make seven even? Take away the s.
When a toddler reaches the why? stage, it’s like opening a bottle of champagne—once it’s uncorked, there’s no going back.
What did the skeleton order with its beer? A mop.
What is a funny mountain called? Hill-arious.
Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it’s over your head.
What do you call a wreath of $100 bills? Aretha Franklin’s.
How do Pilgrims kick a bad habit? They stop cold turkey. %%Thanksgiving
Why can’t you iron four-leaf clovers? Because you should never press your luck. %%St. Patrick’s day
What is the best Christmas present? A broken drum, you just can’t beat it. %%Christmas
Did you hear about the cat that made a mistake? It was a total faux paw. %%Cat
As I get older, I remember all the people I lost along the way. Maybe a career as a tour guide was not the right choice.
What did Robin Hood say to his girlfriend? Sherwood like to be your valentine. %%Valentine’s Day
What did Frankenstein’s monster say to his bride on Valentine’s Day? Be my Valenstein! %%Valentine’s Day
How do sheep greet each other around the holidays? Merry Christmas to ewe. %%Christmas
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines but catscan.
What do you call a snowman with a six-pack? An abdominal snowman!
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Yule. Yule who? Yule never know. %%Christmas
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens.
What do clouds wear? Thunderwear.
What’s a pirate’s favorite music genre? Arrrrrr & B %%Pirate
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? A father-in-law.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field.
What did the painter tell his girlfriend? I love you with all my art. %%Valentine’s Day
I love telling Thanksgiving puns. That’s just how eye roll. %%Thanksgiving
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it. %%Food
How do sheep greet each other around the holidays? Merry Christmas to ewe. %%Christmas
A round of Santa-plause, please. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Needle. Needle who? Needle money for Christmas shopping. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad.
Why did the man name his dogs Rolex and Timex? Because they were watchdogs.
What did summer say to spring? Help! I’m about to fall. %%Spring
What is a computer’s favorite snack? Computer chips.
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn’t a dad? A faux pa.
Lance isn’t that common a name these days, but in medieval times, they were called lance-a-lot.
What song does Beyoncé like to perform during the holidays? "All the Jingle Ladies." %%Christmas
What do cows like to read? Cattle-logs.
Where are average things manufactured? The Satisfactory.
How do you stop a bull from charging? Take away its credit cards.
What kind of car does an egg drive? A yolkswagen. %%Food
Why can’t Santa say the alphabet? Because there is no L. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Santa. Santa who? Santa Claus, duh! %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Teddy. Teddy who? Teddy is the first day of summer. %%Summer
If I ever find the doctor who screwed up my limb replacement surgery…I’ll kill him with my bear hands.
Where do you find a cat with no legs? Right where you left him. %%Cat
A magician was walking down the street — then he turned into a store.
Why don’t lawyers trust atoms? They make up everything.
What did the pirate Santa Claus say? Row, row, row! %%Pirate
Did you hear about the daisy that was excited for spring? It wet its plants. %%Spring
Why does a chicken coop only have two doors? Because if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!
I have a joke about being a rejected organ donor, but I just don’t have the guts to tell it.
What do you call a pig who knows how to use a knife? A pork chop. %%Food
What do you call a video game rematch? A Wii-match.
I can’t take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
Why don’t pirates take a bath? They prefer to wash up on shore.
Why do vampires always seem sick? They’re coffin. %%Halloween
How does the man in the moon get his hair cut? Eclipse it.
Mom said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
My boss asked me why I only get sick on work days. I said it must be my weekend immune system.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Mustache. Mustache who? I mustache you to carve the turkey. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Barry. Barry who? Barry Christmas to you! %%Christmas
Why did the Easter Bunny stay home from work? He was having a bad hare day. %%Easter
What falls in winter but never gets hurt? Snow. %%Winter
What do you call bears with no ears? B.
What do leprechauns put on their hamburgers? Paddys. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why did the sheriff lock up her boyfriend? He stole her heart. %%Valentine’s Day
Knock knock. Who’s there? Tank. Tank who? You’re welcome.
What is heavy forward but not backward? A ton.
How do you keep a jewelry store save on Valentine’s Day? You locket. %%Valentine’s Day
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Snow. Snow who? This is snow time for telling Christmas jokes. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Why didn’t the sun go to college? It already had a million degrees. %%Fathers Day
What’s Santa’s favorite candy? Jolly Ranchers. %%Christmas
What do frogs use to track their exercise? Fit (rib)bits.
Why don’t mountains get cold in the winter? They have snowcaps. %%Christmas
Where do you go to do your math homework on New Year’s Eve? Times Square %%New Year
To the person who stole my bed: I won’t rest until I find you.
What does a house wear? Address.
Why did Marie Curie stop dating that guy? There was no chemistry.
What brand of underwear do scientists wear? Kelvin Klein.
Where do sheep go on vacation? The Baaa-hamas.
What do you get if you cross Santa with a duck? A Christmas quacker. %%Christmas
Have you heard about the new corduroy pillows — they’re making headlines!
I have a joke about kites, but it would just sail over your head.
What kind of water can’t freeze? Hot water.
What did the proton say to the electron? Stop being so negative all the time!
When is a boat just like snow? When it’s adrift. %%Christmas
Why couldn’t the pony sing a lullaby? She was a little horse. %%Animal
Why did the nurse need a red pen? In case she needed to draw blood.
If you spell the words absolutely nothing backward, you get gnihton yletulosba, which ironically means…absolutely nothing.
Just say NO to drugs! Well, if I’m talking to drugs, I probably already said yes.
What do you call a camel that ate its brother? Camelbalism!
What did one angel say to the other? Halo there! %%Christmas
What’s brown and sticky? A stick.
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint.
My doctor told me I’ve really grown as a person. Well, her exact words were that I gained excess weight.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What does a cow use to do math? A cow-culator.
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
Why did the computer catch cold? It left a window open.
Did you hear about leprechaun that couldn’t make a decision? He was stuck between a shamrock and a hard place. %%St. Patrick’s day
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Barry. Barry who? Barry Christmas to you! %%Knock knock %%Christmas
How do you organize a party on Mars? You planet.
What do you call a witch that lives in the desert? A sand-witch.
Who says “Oh, oh, oh?” Santa Claus walking backward. %%Christmas
How is Christmas exactly like your job? You do all the work and some fat guy in a suit gets all the credit. %%Christmas
What do you call a factory that makes okay products. A satisfactory.
What do Santa’s little helpers learn at school? The elf-abet. %%Christmas
What did the farmer call the cow that had no milk? An udder failure. %%Animal
Did you hear about the submarine that sank on April Fools’ Day? Someone left a window open. %%April Fools
What did April Fools’ say when it received a gift? Well, prank you! %%April Fools
What does the man with no hair sing at midnight? Bald Lang Syne. %%New Year
What did the stamp say to the envelope on Valentine’s Day? I’m stuck on you! %%Valentine’s Day
What do sweet potatoes wear to bed? Yammies. %%Thanksgiving
What do you call Santa’s little helpers? Subordinate Clauses. %%Christmas
What’s a cat’s favorite holiday song? “Here Comes Santa Claws.” %%Christmas
What kind of candy is never on time? Choco-LATE. %%Valentine’s Day
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Donut. Donut who? Donut open the presents until Christmas. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Why do so many people eat potatoes on Thanksgiving? Because they’ve got a-peel. %%Thanksgiving
What did the carrot say to the celery? Stop stalking me! %%Thanksgiving
Riding a camel really isn’t as hard as they say it is. Once you get over the first hump, the rest is easy.
How does the Easter Bunny keep his fur in place? With hare spray. %%Easter
Everyone’s sharing the rumor about butter, but I’m not about to spread it.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Ivana. Ivana who? Ivana candy cane. %%Christmas
Which season do people get injured the most? The fall.
What happens when doctors get frustrated? They lose their patients.
Do you know the last thing my grandfather said to me before he kicked the bucket? Grandson, watch how far I can kick this bucket.
This New Year’s, try not to make any pour decisions. %%New Year
What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener.
I used to be able to play piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands.
What do you call Santa when he’s on a break? A Santa pause. %%Christmas
Why do you need a jeweler on New Year’s Eve? To ring in the new year. %%New Year
My extra winter weight is finally gone. Now, I have spring rolls.
Why did Mrs. Claus get mad at Santa? Because her husband was a flake. %%Christmas
What is Aladdin’s favorite tea? Jasmine and camel-mile.
I have a joke about putting in a light bulb, but I’m afraid I’ll screw it up.
I just don’t trust stairs, they’re always up to something.
What invention allows us to see through walls? Windows.
When’s the best time to buy a trampoline? In the spring. %%Spring
Why did Frosty’s wife ask for a divorce? He was a total flake. %%Christmas
What happened when the man crashed his expensive car? He found out how a Mercedes bends.
What did the French chef give his wife for Valentine’s Day? A hug and a quiche.
At first, I thought my chiropractor wasn’t any good, but now I stand corrected.
What would happen if you threw all the books in the ocean? It would cause a title wave.
Did you hear about the cat that went to the doctor? It wasn’t feline well. %%Cat
Whenever you get a bad sausage, it’s just the wurst.
How do frogs invest their money? They use a stock croaker.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana…
How do celebrities stay cool in the summer? They have many fans. %%Summer
How many apples grow on trees? All of them.
What do you call an Irish spider? Paddy long legs. %%St. Patrick’s day
Don’t trust atoms. They make up everything!
What do you call it when Dwayne Johnson buys a cutting tool? Rock pay-for scissors.
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles!
We’re renovating the house, and the first floor is going great, but the second floor is another story.
Why don’t pirates shower before they walk the plank? Because they’ll just wash up on shore later.
Why did Santa Claus sign up for Instagram? He wanted to have online presents. %%Christmas
I’m afraid of speed bumps, but I am slowly getting over it.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Lettuce. Lettuce who? Lettuce in, it’s Thanksgiving. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between us, something smells.
What do you write on a rabbit’s birthday card? Hoppy Birthday!
Why should you never play hide and seek with a leopard? They are always spotted.
Why couldn’t the astronaut land on the moon? Because it was full.
Why was the ghost so tired? He worked the graveyard shift. %%Halloween
What goes up but never comes down? Your age. %%Birthday
Why didn’t the sun go to college? It already had a million degrees. %%Summer
How does a banana answer a phone call? Yellow!
What do Bostonians call a fake noodle? An impasta.
Shouldn’t the roof of your mouth actually be called the ceiling?
I’m following the seafood diet. I see food, then I eat it.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet—I don’t know y.
Goodbye boiling water, you will be mist.
What do you call someone who refuses to fart in public? A private tutor.
I searched for a lighter on Amazon, but all I could find were 6,000 matches.
What kind of music do chiropractors like? Hip pop.
What does a stingy sheep say? Bah-humbug. %%Christmas
Mom keeps asking why I have so much candy. She doesn’t know I always keep a few Twix up my sleeve.
What did the pirate’s landlord say when he was evicted? Get out, you free-looter! %%Pirate
When is a door not a door? When it’s ajar.
Why is Santa such a good shopper? Because he makes a list, then checks it twice. %%Christmas
What’s the most romantic utensil? A fork because it has Valen-tines. %%Valentine’s Day
What do you call a flea in France? A paris-ite.
Where did the king put his armies? In his sleevies!
What was Sherlock Holmes’ favorite protein source? Mystery meat.
Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they are shellfish!
Today I’m attaching a light to the ceiling, but I’m afraid I’ll probably screw it up.
That wedding was so emotional, even the cake was in tiers.
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight.
How does Good King Wenceslas like his pizzas? One that’s deep pan, crisp and even. %%Christmas
Why don’t elephants chew gum? They do, just not in public. %%Animal
What’s the best way to stuff a turkey? Serve it pizza and ice cream. %%Thanksgiving
Let’s dance, chick-to-chick. %%Easter
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest?
I have a great joke about nepotism, but I’ll only tell it to my kids.
What do you call a Frenchman wearing sandals? Philippe Flop.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
What do math teachers eat on Thanksgiving? Pumpkin pi. %%Thanksgiving
Why are cats good at keeping secrets? They don’t hiss and tail. %%Cat
Why did the nose feel sad? It was always getting picked on.
What’s it like to be kissed by a vampire? It’s a pain in the neck. %%Halloween
I read that by law you must turn on your headlights when it’s raining in Sweden, but how am I supposed to know when it’s raining in Sweden?
What’s a cat’s favorite band? Mew Kids on the Block. %%Cat
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A lamborghini.
What key is used to open bananas? A mon-key.
How do you organize a space party? You planet.
How does the moon style his hair? Eclipse it.
What do you call a snake that loves building houses? A boa constructor.
Did you hear about the Gungan who became a taxi cab driver? His name is Car Car Binks.
What do owls say to declare their love? Owl be yours! %%Valentine’s Day
What’s a leprechaun’s favorite dance? The Shamrock Shake. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why is the hot pepper the nosiest vegetable? It can’t help but get jalapéno space.
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together. %%Animal
Why did the computer go to the doctor? It had a virus.
What did one plate say to another plate? Tonight, dinner’s on me.
Why couldn’t the green pepper practice archery? Because it didn’t habanero.
What does a donkey do when you tell him a joke? He-ha’s.
How can you tell an alligator from a crocodile? By paying attention to whether the animal will see you later, or after a while.
A phone and a firework were arrested on New Year’s. One was charged, the other was let off. %%New Year
I decided to sell the vacuum cleaner — it was just gathering dust!
Why are leprechauns so good at karate? They’ve got a black belt. %%St. Patrick’s day
What do you call an ant that has been shunned by his community? A socially dissed ant.
I’m reading an anti-gravity book, and I just can’t put it down!
My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. That’s my stepladder. he said. I never knew my real ladder.
I wish the flu had started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the ’no-bell’ prize.
How do ye turn a pirate furious? Take away the ‘P’.
What is a New Year’s resolution? Something that goes in one year and out the other. %%New Year
What did one wall say to the other? Let’s meet at the corner.
Did you hear about the bacon cheeseburger who couldn’t stop telling jokes? It was on a roll.
Why couldn’t the computer buy a new pair of jeans? It had spent all its cache.
What did the accountant say while auditing a document? This is taxing.
What’s the one thing will you get every year on your birthday, guaranteed? A year older. %%Birthday
Where do cows get their clothes? From cattle-logs. %%Fathers Day
What do you call C-3PO when he’s being a good listener? Hear-Threepio.
What did the dad say at 11:59 p.m. on New Year’s? No more jokes until next year. %%New Year
People are usually shocked that I have a Police record. But I love their greatest hits!
What is a camel’s favorite place to visit? Camel-bodia.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Norma Lee. Norma Lee? Norma Lee we have ham on Christmas. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
What did one candy bar say to the other candy bar? I’ve got some Twix up my sleeve.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear. %%Animal
Why don’t eggs play April Fools’ pranks? They might crack each other up. %%April Fools
Why aren’t lobsters generous? Because they’re shellfish %%Summer
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common?They’re both Paris sites.
Spring is here! I got so excited that I wet my plants.
Did you hear about the guy who stole 50 cartons of hand sanitizer? They couldn’t prosecute—his hands were clean.
How did the barber win the race? He knew a shortcut.
Why did the baby strawberry cry? Because its mother was in a jam.
What’s the best month of the year to host a parade? March. %%St. Patrick’s day
What does a librarian use to go fishing? A bookworm.
Why is Valentine’s Day a good day for a party? Because you can really party hearty! %%Valentine’s Day
What do you call a groundhog in the middle of a tennis court? Annette. %%Groundhog Day
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Tree. Tree who? Tree wise men. %%Christmas
Why are ghosts bad liars? You can see right through them. %%Halloween
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel.
What’s another name for an iPhone power cord? Apple juice.
Why did the onion get flustered? It saw the salad dressing.
I was playing chess with my friend and he said, Let’s make this interesting so we stopped playing chess.
How can you tell it’s a dogwood tree? By the bark.
What do you call a nervous witch? A twitch.
Why did the queen go to the dentist? To get crowns on her teeth.
My wife asked me to go get 6 cans of Sprite from the grocery store. I realized when I got home that I had picked 7 up.
What did the evil chicken lay? Deviled eggs.
What is a groundhog’s favorite drink? Hole milk. %%Groundhog Day
How do you stop a bull from charging? You cancel its credit card. %%Animal
What did the tiger say to her cub on his birthday? It’s roar birthday. %%Birthday
They say that breakfast is the most important meal of the day. Well, not if it’s poisoned. Then the antidote becomes the most important.
What do reindeer use to decorate their antlers? Hornaments. %%Christmas
Why don’t leprechauns hate doing taxes? Because they’re elf-employed. %%St. Patrick’s day
What’s worse than when it’s raining cats and dogs? Hailing taxis. %%Cat
RIP boiling water, you will be mist.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims. %%Thanksgiving
What instrument isn’t very modest? The brag-pipe. %%St. Patrick’s day
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
Why are polar bears popular at parties? Because they know how to break the ice.
What’s E.T. short for? Because he’s only got tiny legs!
What game do tornadoes play at parties? Twister.
Dad: Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? Son: No. What happened? Dad: The teacher woke him up.
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing—they fast.
Santa cleans his sleigh with Santa-tizer. %%Christmas
What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish.
I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed.
How did the ornament get addicted to Christmas? He was hooked on trees his whole life. %%Christmas
What do you call a fish wearing a bow tie? Sofishticated.
Why did the man sprinkle sugar on his pillow on New Year’s Eve? He wanted to start the year with sweet dreams. %%New Year
How do you motivate a cat? Remind them to stay paws-ative. %%Cat
What flowers get the most kisses on Valentine’s Day? Tulips (two-lips). %%Valentine’s Day
What’s stranger than a talking cat? A spelling bee. %%Cat
Why was the gossip disliked at the coffee shop? She always spilled the tea.
I’m so bored at work because all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
What did the shy pebble wish for? That he was a little boulder.
Armed robbers—some say they’re a drain on society, but you’ve got to give it to them.
How do you know when a bike is thinking? You can see its wheels turning.
What’s a ghost’s favorite play? Romeo and Ghoul-iet. %%Halloween
What did the mama cow say to her baby after he stayed up too late on April Fools’ Day? "It’s pasture bedtime." %%April Fools
What do you call a bundle of hay in a church? Christian Bale.
What did one DNA say to the other DNA? Do these genes make me look fat?
What’s the best kind of music to listen to when fishing? Something catchy.
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me!
What’s every elf’s favorite type of music? Wrap. %%Christmas
Why do bakers work so hard? Because they knead dough.
What kind of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
I made a whopping six figures last year. I also was fired from the toy factory for being too slow.
What does a mobster buried in cement soon become? A hardened criminal.
I would avoid the sushi if I were you. It’s a little fishy.
How do I look? With your eyes.
What makes a candy cane a collector’s item? It’s in mint condition. %%Christmas
What does a painter do when he gets cold? Puts on another coat.
I told my girlfriend she drew her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.
Why did the dog float in the water? He was a good buoy.
I was going to give up all of my bad habits for the new year, but then I remembered that no one likes a quitter. %%New Year
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Argue. Argue who? Argue going to pass the gravy or what? %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Why can’t you surprise reindeer? Because they’ve herd it all. %%Christmas
What goes up when April showers come down? An umbrella. %%Spring
What is a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries.
How do you get a country girl’s attention? A tractor.
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it.
What do you get when you cross a vampire and a snowman? Frostbite. %%Halloween
What do you call a mac ’n’ cheese that gets all up in your face? Too close for comfort food.
I have a joke about procrastination, but I’ll tell it to you later.
Justice is a dish best served cold because it was served warm, it would be justwater.
Did you hear about the anxious snowman? He needed to chill out. %%Christmas
Why can’t Elsa from Frozen have a balloon? Because she will "let it go, let it go."
How do we know that the ocean is friendly? It waves. %%Beach
What do you give a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
Believe in your elf. %%Christmas
Why didn’t the skeleton go on the rollercoaster? It didn’t have the guts.
What kind of bagel travels on Christmas? A plane bagel. %%Christmas
How do you stop a woodchuck from digging holes? Hog-tie it. %%Groundhog Day
What do you call a rabbit with an encyclopedia in its jeans? Smarty pants. %%Easter
I don’t go to funerals that start before noon. I guess I’m just not a mourning person.
Why did the cop arrest the cat? It got caught littering. %%Cat
What do you call a snowman with a six-pack? An abdominal snowman. %%Christmas
What does Punxsutawney Phil use to clean his laundry? Hogwash. %%Groundhog Day
Anybunny else excited for Easter? %%Easter
Where does a sheep go to get a haircut? The baa baa shop. %%Animal
How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it while you are eating dinner.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
Why did the tourist feel disappointed upon seeing the Liberty Bell? It wasn’t all it was cracked up to be.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands!
Why did the pirate always regale the crew with stories of his youth? Those were his most treasured memories. %%Pirate
What’s a cat’s favorite color? Purr-ple. %%Cat
How does Santa avoid getting sick before Christmas? He uses hand Santa-tizer. %%Christmas
I’m worried for the calendar because its days are numbered.
Did you hear about the guy who froze to death at the drive-in? He went to see Closed for the Winter.
What does a house wear? Address! (A dress)
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Sandy. Sandy who? Sandy Claus is coming to town. %%Christmas
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree.
What do dogs say on New Year’s Eve? Woof. %%New Year
Where do ghosts buy their food? At the ghost-ery store! %%Halloween
My neighbor gave me a new roof for free. He said it was on the house.
Which of Santa’s reindeer has the best moves? Dancer. %%Christmas
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
What do you call a snail on a ship? A snailor.
How do you tell the difference between a bull and a milk cow? It is either one or the utter.
How did Darth Vader know what Luke was getting for his birthday? He felt his presents.
What did Santa say after returning to the North Pole? There’s snow place like home. %%Christmas
What do Japanese monsters like to eat ? Raw-men
What sounds like a sneeze and is made of leather? A shoe.
Why don’t Santa’s elves like to share? They’re elfish. %%Christmas
Easter eggs: Not all they’re cracked up to be. %%Easter
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it!
What sport did the Easter Bunny play in high school? Basketball. %%Easter
Why did the teddy bear say no to dessert? Because she was stuffed.
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice.
Why is it good to drink witch’s brew? It’s very newt-tricious!
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Some bunny. Some bunny who? Some bunny who can’t wait to go on vacation. %%Summer
When my uncle Frank died, he wanted his remains to be buried in his favorite beer mug. His last wish was to be Frank in Stein.
What did one spring chicken say to the other? You’re egg-cellent. %%Spring
Who were the two best horse thieves in the world? Bonnie and Clydesdale!
I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Brighton. Brighton who? Brighton early, that’s when the groundhog checks his shadow. %%Groundhog Day
I had a joke about boxing, but I forgot the punchline.
Why does The Grinch enjoy gardening? He’s got a green thumb. %%Christmas
She said I won’t be able to make it.
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got all of them cut.
Why did you join a band of pirates? Pier pressure. %%Pirate
That’s all yolks! %%Easter
Chick out my Easter eggs! %%Easter
My wife asked me the other day where I got so much candy. I said, I always have a few Twix up my sleeve.
Where’s the best place to learn to make a banana split? Sundae school.
Why was the math book crying? It had lots of problems.
Getting paid to sleep is a true dream job.
Take care, polar bear %%Goodbye
Did you hear that Santa adopted a dog from a blacksmith? As soon as he brought him to the North Pole, he made a bolt for the door. %%Christmas
What do you call a beehive with no exit? Unbelievable!
Take care, Teddy bear %%Goodbye
Why was the traffic light late to work? It took too long to change.
Why are vampires easily fooled? They’re suckers. %%Halloween
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand Because a toothbrush works better!
I was going to tell you a joke about time travel, but you didn’t like it.
What kind of bug hates Christmas? A bah humbug. %%Christmas
A guy walked into a bar, and lost the limbo contest.
What does an evil hen lay? Deviled eggs.
Why are pigs so bad at sports? They always hog the ball.
I told my wife that a husband is like a fine wine: we just get better with age. The next day she locked me in the cellar.
A pony with a cough is just a little horse.
When the grocery store clerk asks me if I want the milk in a bag, I always tell him, No, I’d rather drink it out of the carton.
What do cat artists usually paint? Self paw-traits. %%Cat
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named the worst employee at the toy factory.
What does a limping turkey say? “Wobble, wobble.” %%Thanksgiving
For Father’s Day, my dad asked for a gift with no strings attached. So I bought him a broken guitar. %%Fathers Day
Why is grass so dangerous? Because it’s full of blades.
How does Peter Cottontail deliver all his eggs in one night? I don’t know, but it’s probably Easter said than done. %%Easter
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
I’m so good at sleeping that I can do it with my eyes closed!
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints.
Knock Knock Who’s there?Luke Luke who? Luke who got a Valentine! %%Valentine’s Day
Where do baby cats learn to swim? The kitty pool.
What kind of music do Pilgrims listen to? Plymouth rock. %%Thanksgiving
What did the janitor say when he jumped out the closet? Supplies!
Did you hear about the haunted chicken coop? It had a poultrygiest. %%Easter
How do witches play loud music? On their broom boxes. %%Halloween
Where do you find reindeer? I dunno, depends on where you left them. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Beth. Beth who? Beth wishes to you this Groundhog Day. %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock
When I die, I want to be cremated. It’s my last chance to have a smokin’ hot body.
What does Santa eat for breakfast? Frosted Flakes %%Christmas
I failed my calculus exam because I was sitting in the middle of identical twins — I couldn’t differentiate between them.
How do vampires know if they had a successful Valentine’s Day? If it’s love at first bite. %%Valentine’s Day
My friend claims he glued himself to his autobiography. I don’t believe him, but that’s his story and he’s sticking to it.
Did you hear about the dog who wears a swimsuit? Apparently, it looks quite fetching. %%Summer
Where would Darth Vader stay if he would settle down in the USA? The Empire State Building.
My wife says nothing rhymes with orange. And I said, No, it doesn’t!
I was going to go on an expensive vacation with a classical pianist, but he was too baroque.
What did Santa ask Rudolph about the weather? Is it going to rain, dear? %%Christmas
Where do fruits go on vacation?Pear-is!
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Sia. Sia who? Sia at the beach. %%Summer
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines, but cats-can.
Why was the stadium so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
What kind of music do the planets listen to? Nep-tunes!
Why did the brain plant a garden? To grow some new ideas.
Why did the cashier rip money in half? They were asked to break a bill.
What do reindeer say before telling a joke? This one will sleigh you! %%Christmas
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot.
How much did Santa’s sleigh cost? It was on the house. %%Christmas
Why didn’t the man iron his four-leaf clover? He didn’t want to press his luck.
Did you hear about the Italian chef who died? He pasta way.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Anita. Anita who? Anita put on sunscreen so I don’t get burned. %%Summer
What kind of motorbike does Santa ride? A Holly Davidson! %%Christmas
Where did the chef celebrate New Year’s? Thyme’s Square. %%New Year
What did the Christmas card say to the stamp? “Stick with me and together we’ll go places.” %%Christmas
Why did the gym close down? It just didn’t work out.
Dogs are not allowed to operate an MRI machine, but catscan!
What did one snowman say to the other? You smell carrots, too? %%Christmas
I’m such a morning person that I don’t even need an alarm clock. That and I drink a gallon of water before I go to bed.
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It’s fine, he woke up.
What do you call a stylish cat? A dandy lion. %%Cat
What did one plate whisper to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
Did you hear about the arguing chicks? They were walking on eggshells. %%Easter
You can’t plant flowers if you haven’t botany.
What do you call a rude cow? Beef jerky %%Animal
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores.
What’s a robot’s favorite snack? Computer chips. %%Food
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes.
Did you know the first French fries weren’t really cooked in France? They were cooked in Grease! (Greece)
What’s the best Christmas gift to give? A broken drum. You can’t beat it. %%Christmas
That ghost was such a bad liar…I could see right through him! %%Halloween
See ya later alligator %%Goodbye
All the fruits go on vacation in Pear-is.
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter.
Why would doors do well on social media? Everyone looks for their handles.
Why did the Little Drummer Boy put his drum to bed early? It was beat. %%Christmas
How do you know if an Easter egg thinks you’re funny? It cracks up over your yokes. %%Easter
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback.
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores!
What’s a duck’s favorite ballet? The Nutquacker.
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious.
What did one Christmas tree say to the other? I’m feelin’ pine. %%Christmas
I’m a big dreamer, so I always hit the snooze button.
What do you learn in witch school? Spelling.
I just spent $300 on a limo and learned it doesn’t come with a driver. I can’t believe I have nothing to chauffer it.
What do ghosts give out to trick-or-treaters? Booberries! %%Halloween
Why did the student eat his homework? Because the teacher told him it was a piece of cake. %%School
Why was the bear a good fit for the job? – He had all the right koalifications.
What’s a sheep’s favorite Christmas song? Fleece Navidad. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Harry. Harry who? Harry up, I’m hungry! %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Why are Christmas trees so bad at sewing? They always drop their needles. %%Christmas
How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner.
What do pigs use to clean up? Hogwash. %%Animal
Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it.
Why did the cranberry blush? It saw the turkey dressing. %%Thanksgiving
What do you call a rude cow? Beef jerky!
I lost all my winter weight. Now I just have spring rolls. %%Spring
What’s Santa’s favorite type of music? Wrap. %%Christmas
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me.
Pirates are great at solving math problems. They are always trying to find out where X is. %%Pirate
Why do reindeer have fur coats? Because they don’t fit into parkas. %%Christmas
Why didn’t Han Solo enjoy his steak dinner? It was Chewie.
How many mystery writers does it take to change a light bulb? Two: One to screw it in most of the way and another to give it a surprise twist at the end.
I’ve been bored recently so I’ve decided to take up fencing. The neighbors said they will call the police unless I put it back.
Why is it always cold on Christmas? Because it’s in Decem-burr. %%Christmas
What did one snowman say to the other? You’re cool. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Harmony. Harmony who? Harmony days until summer? %%Summer
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants!
How does cereal pay its bills? With Chex.
Why did the coach run to the bank in such a hurry? To get his quarterback.
How do ye turn a pirate furious? Take away the “p.” %%Pirate
What did the flowers do when the bride walked down the aisle? They rose.
What’s the difference between a dad joke and a bad joke? The direction of the first letter.
What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.
How do ghosts wash their hair? With sham-boo! %%Halloween
I have a joke about a broken pencil, but it’s pointless.
What do you say when Dwayne Johnson buys something to cut with? Rock pay-for scissors.
Why is it so cheap to throw a party at a haunted house? Because the ghosts bring all the boos.
See ya soon baboon %%Goodbye
What do you call a droid that takes the long way around? R2 detour. %%Star Wars
Want to know why nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
What do you call a pig pen in winter? A pig-loo. %%Christmas
The plot chickens... %%Easter
Did you hear about the ski trip? It started off fine, but went downhill fast. %%Christmas
What do you call a fly without wings? A walk. %%Summer
How much does a pirate pay to get his ears pierced? A buck an ear.
Why can’t you shock reindeer? They’ve herd it all. %%Christmas
I’ll never trust atoms. They make up everything!
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it becomes a soap opera.
We have great chemis-tree.
I lost 25% of my roof last night...oof.
Why did the pony ask for a glass of water? Because it was a little horse.
Why do birds fly south for Christmas? It’s too far to walk. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Santa. Santa who? Santa Claus, duh! %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Where do polar bears keep their money? In a snow bank!
What do you call 3.14 men out at sea? ’Pi’-rates %%Pirate
Who delivers Christmas presents to cats and dogs? Santa Paws. %%Christmas
I got an anonymous compliment about my parking skills today. It said, Parking fine.
What kind of cars do cats drive? Catillacs.
I used to hate facial hair, but it grew on me.
I can guess what people do for a living just by looking at their hands. I mean, I’m usually wrong, but I can guess.
I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said, Never mind.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Sandy. Sandy who? Sandy Claus is coming to town. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Why is Santa so good at karate? He’s got a black belt. %%Christmas
I know a lot of jokes about retired people, but none of them work.
What’s a ninja’s favorite type of shoes? Sneakers.
What do you call 26 letters that went for a swim? Alphawetical.
How can you mend a broken pumpkin? Use a pumpkin patch.
What is a ghost’s favorite day of the week? Fright-day! %%Halloween
Where do ducks go when they are sick? The ducktor’s office.
What do you call a fake noodle? Impasta.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Anita. Anita who? Anita bigger pair of pants, I ate too much pumpkin pie. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Why can’t Santa spell “elf?” Because he has noel. %%Christmas
What’s Forrest Gump’s Facebook password? 1forest1.
What do you call a camel that cries? A humpback wail.
What do you call someone who always states the obvious? Someone who always states the obvious.
What do witches put on to go trick or treating? Mas-scare-a. %%Halloween
Where do reindeer go if they lose a tail? The retail store. %%Christmas
Why should you never mention the number 288? It’s two gross
Have you heard any good pirate jokes? Neither have ayeeee. %%Pirate
What do you call a fake Santa? A faux Claus. %%Christmas
How do you save a dying pirate? C P arrrrrrr %%Pirate
Can February March? No, but April May. %%April Fools
Why was the flower late to work? It stayed in bed. %%Spring
What rhymes with boo and stinks? You.
Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog.
How does Santa take photos? With a Pole-aroid camera, of course. %%Christmas
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle.
What did the pirate want to be when he grew up? He said he always wanted to be an arrr-chitect. %%Pirate
Why did the duck go to the bank? She wanted to get more bills.
Why shouldn’t you tell ducks jokes on April Fools’ Day? They’ll quack up. %%April Fools
I hate it when people say age is only a number. Age is clearly a word.
A guy walks into a bar and is immediately disqualified from the limbo contest.
What kind of bug can tell time? A clock-roach. %%Animal
Why does Santa always enter through the chimney? Because it soots him. %%Christmas
I just got hit in the head with a soda can. Thankfully it was a soft drink.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels.
Why did the tree fail the quiz? The questions left it stumped. %%Spring
Did you hear about the killer whale that learned to play the flute? He wanted to be in the orca-stra. %%Summer
Why is sand so optimistic? It has a can-dune attitude.
Mom says I have no sense of direction, so I packed my bags and right.
How can a leopard change his spots? By moving.
What do reindeers say before they tell you a joke? This one’s gonna sleigh you! %%Christmas
What happened when the world’s tongue-twister champion got arrested? They gave him a tough sentence.
Why should you stand on one leg on New Year’s Eve? To start the new year on the right foot. %%New Year
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Murray. Murray who? Murray Christmas to you! %%Knock knock %%Christmas
What did the seal with one fin say to the shark? If seal is broken, do not consume.
What do you call a priest who becomes a lawyer? A father in law.
Official member of the eggs-ploration team. %%Easter
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Ken. Ken who? Ken you help me decorate the Christmas tree? %%Christmas
The farmers lost all their crops and decided to try a career in music instead. They just had too many sick beets.
What room doesn’t a ghost need in a house? A living room. %%Halloween
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank.
How many Christmas trees can you plant in the ground? All of them. %%Christmas
A son tells his father, I have an imaginary girlfriend. The father sighs and says, You know, you could do better. Thanks Dad, the son says. That means a lot. The father shakes his head and goes, I was talking to your girlfriend.
What do you get if a bird kisses you? A peck on the cheek.
What did the fashion police say to the sweater? I’m going to pull you over.
Why don’t Christmas trees knit? They keeping dropping their needles. %%Christmas
Why do some couples go to the gym? Because they want their relationship to work out.
How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!
What kind of shoes do frogs wear when spring comes? Open-toad. %%Spring
What kind of pickles do spring flowers like? Daffo-dills. %%Spring
What do you call an Easter Bunny with fleas? Bugs Bunny. %%Easter
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere!
Where do little trees go to become Christmas trees? Elementree school! %%Christmas
I wondered why the ball was getting bigger. Then it hit me.
What did the air conditioner say when it met a celebrity? I’m a big fan.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know.
How do you make 7 even? Take away the s.
I built a model of Mount Everest and my son asked if it was to scale. No, I said. It’s to look at.
Did Rudolph go to school? No he was ’elf’ taught. %%Christmas
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? 10 tickles.
Why did the polar bear buy a compass? To get his bear-ings.
What did the scarecrow win an award for? He was outstanding in his field.
How did Scrooge win the football game? The ghost of Christmas passed. %%Christmas
Why are rutabagas so popular at Thanksgiving dinner? Because they know how to turnip a good beet. %%Thanksgiving
Why did the man put his money in the freezer? He wanted cold, hard cash.
Why do giants sound so smart? They use big words!
Your mom and I let astrology get between us. It just Taurus apart.
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet.
How many blueberries can you grow on a bush? All of them. %%Summer
When do cows turn into werewolves? During the full mooooooooon. %%Halloween
What is Marco’s favorite clothing store? Polo.
What did one bee say to the other? I love bee-ing with you, honey! %%Valentine’s Day
What did the cop say when he a snowman stealing? Freeze! %%Christmas
Taylor Swift is immune to vampires. They know she has bad blood.
How do vampires get around on Halloween? On blood vessels. %%Halloween
What shade of red is your heart? Beat red! %%Valentine’s Day
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I’ll be suing ya.
Who’s the snowman’s favorite rapper? Ice Cube. %%Christmas
What kind of spells do Irish witches cast? Lucky charms. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why did the leprechaun go the home store? He needed paddy o’ furniture. %%St. Patrick’s day
Did you hear about the cat that burned dinner? It had to start over from scratch. %%Cat
What is a witch’s favorite subject in school? Spelling.
Where do you learn all about ice cream? Sundae school.
How does a cucumber become a pickle? It goes through a jarring experience %%Food
After dinner, my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it.
What do dogs and phones have in common? Both have collar ID. %%Animal
What’s blue and doesn’t weigh much? Light blue.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Wren. Wren who? Wren are we going to the pool? %%Summer
Why did the bed wear a disguise? It was undercover.
How do Christmas trees get ready for a party? They spruce up! %%Christmas
Where do birds stay when they go on vacation? Someplace cheep. %%Summer
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up. %%Food
Why did the Invisible Man turn down a job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it.
What do you call a happy cowboy? A jolly rancher.
When is a polar bear not a polar bear? When it is unbearable.
What’s green and has wheels? Grass. I lied about the wheels.
Why don’t Pilgrims tell secrets in the cornfield? There are too many ears around. %%Thanksgiving
What do you call a stupid pirate? The pillage idiot %%Pirate
What time do ducks get up? The quack of dawn.
A man walks into a magic forest and tries to cut down a talking tree. You can’t cut me down, the tree complains. I’m a talking tree! The man responds, You may be a talking tree, but you will dialogue.
Before I agree to 2024, I’m going to need to see the terms and conditions. %%New Year
What did the llama say to his date? Want to go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.
What’s a Christmas tree’s favorite candy? Orna-mints. %%Christmas
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar.
When Silver Surfer and Iron Man team up, what do you call them? Alloys.
What did the duck say after he finished dinner? Put it on my bill.
Did you hear Mrs. Claus got Santa a new refrigerator for Christmas? His face lights up every time he opens it. %%Christmas
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. Summer wasn’t bad either. %%Fathers Day
How can you tell if a snowman doesn’t like you? He gives you the cold shoulder. %%Christmas
What do cows do on Thanksgiving? They go to the moo-vies. %%Thanksgiving
Why don’t you ever date a tennis player? Because love means nothing to them. %%Valentine’s Day
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Icy. Icy who? Icy you. %%Christmas
I’m the best at putting leaves in boiling water. It’s my special tea.
Why did the deer go to the dentist? It had buck teeth. %%Animal
I poured root beer in a square glass. Now I just have beer.
How does Jack Frost get to work? On a snowmobile. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Coal. Coal who? Coal Santa, it’s Christmas. %%Christmas
Why did the orange stop halfway across the road? It ran out of juice. %%Fathers Day %%Cross the road
You’re egg-ceptional. %%Easter
How many presents can Santa fit in an empty sack? Just one. After that, it’s not empty! %%Christmas
What’s green, covered in tinsel and goes, "Ribbet, ribbet?" A mistle-toad. %%Christmas
Did you hear about the cheese factory that got blown up? Da brie was everywhere. %%Fathers Day
I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes. She gave me a hug.
The first thing Santa’s elves learn in school is their elf-abet. %%Christmas
Blow a kiss jelly fish %%Goodbye
What do gingerbread men use when they break their legs? Candy canes %%Christmas
What do you call fake spaghetti? Impasta! %%Fathers Day
Why was the color green notoriously single? It was always so jaded.
What do you call friends you like to eat with? – Taste buds.
My wife left me because of my obsession with pasta. I’m feeling cannelloni right now.
What did Tennessee? The same thing as Arkansas.
Why was the calendar afraid? Its days were numbered.
What does Santa call the reindeer with no eyes? I have no eyed deer. %%Christmas
What does a baby computer call its father? Data!
What did the shocked pumpkin say to the squash? “Oh my gourd!” %%Thanksgiving
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well.
A friend of mine didn’t pay his exorcist. He got repossessed.
What do you call it when Batman skips church? Christian Bale.
What did the dishwasher say to the oven after a productive day? You’ve been on fire!
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries. %%Halloween
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y.
What do you call a snowman who works out? An abdominal snowman. %%Christmas
Did you hear about the turkey who went to jail? It was arrested for fowl play. %%Thanksgiving
Why did the stuffing cross the road? To get to the other sides. %%Thanksgiving %%Cross the road
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs!
My New Year’s resolution was to read more, so I turned on the subtitles on my TV. %%New Year
What did one hat say to the other hat? You stay here, I’ll go on ahead!
Why was Santa’s little helper so sad? He had low elf-esteem. %%Christmas
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Where does Dracula keep his money? At the blood bank. %%Halloween
Did somebunny say “Easter”? %%Easter
What’s long and green and only shows up once a year? The St. Patrick’s Day parade. %%St. Patrick’s day
What does every birthday end with? The letter Y. %%Birthday
Do pirates enjoy fighting? Sword of... %%Pirate
What’s the luckiest band to listen to on New Year’s Day? Black-Eyed Peas %%New Year
Do you want to hear two short jokes and a long joke? Joke! Joke! Jooooooooooooooooke.
Seeing a pirate ship in person is truly oar-inspiring.
Why does Santa have three gardens? So he can ho ho ho. %%Christmas
Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted.
Did you hear about the turkey that plays baseball? He covers first baste. %%Thanksgiving
I only wear clothes made out of paper. I guess you could call my fashion sense tearable.
My IQ test results came back. They were negative.
What kind of music does the Easter Bunny listen to? Hip Hop. %%Easter
Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? He woke up.
What do you call someone who says they know all the words to Auld Lang Syne? A liar. %%New Year
What’s a kitten’s favorite game? Cat and mouse. %%Cat
How do you weigh a millennial? In Instagrams.
How can you tell the difference between a dog and tree? By their bark.
What did the cat say on January 1? Happy Mew Year! %%New Year
Peep-a-boo! %%Easter
What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener.
What did the roof say to the shingle? The first one’s on the house.
Where do you learn to make a banana split? Sundae school.
What do you call the world’s smallest Valentine’s Day card?
How do pirates celebrate April Fools’ Day? They walk the prank. %%April Fools
How can you tell when a flower is joking around? If it’s pollen your leg. %%Spring
Why did the scarecrow get an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? Sofishticated.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Coal. Coal who? Coal Santa, it’s Christmas. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Why can’t Monday lift Saturday? It is a weak day.
Who always has a date on Valentine’s Day A calendar. %%Valentine’s Day
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear!
Why were spectators confused by the koala’s self-portrait? It was bear.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Allie. Allie who? Allie want for Christmas is you. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
I never liked my dad’s facial hair. But now it’s starting to grow on me. %%Fathers Day
What do you call a girl in the middle of a tennis court? Annette. %%Sports
What kind of spells do leprechauns use? Lucky Charms.
I have a joke about construction, but I’m still working on it.
What did the sapphire’s best friend tell her? You’re a real gem.
How do billboards talk to each other? Sign language.
Have your elf a merry little Christmas. %%Christmas
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it!
Keep the dream alive, and hit the snooze button.
What did Santa do when his sleigh broke down? He got it mistle-toed. %%Christmas
What’s a donkey’s favorite party game? Pin the tail on the human.
What kind of music should you listen to while fishing? Something catchy!
How do elves produce toys so quickly? They make short work of it. %%Christmas
Why don’t insects get sick? They have anty-bodies. %%Summer
What game are tornadoes the best at? Twister.
What do you call a dog magician? A labracadabrador.
How can you tell if a plant is good at math? It has square roots. %%Spring
I told my girlfriend she drew on her eyebrows too high. She seemed surprised.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
I wish my kids weren’t offended by my Frozen jokes. They really need to let it go!
What did the pirate say about his girlfriend? "She had me at ’Ahoy!" %%Pirate
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs.
What happens when ice cream gets angry? It has a meltdown.
It really takes guts to be an organ donor.
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock. %%Summer
What’s the best way to make gold soup? Use 14 karats. %%St. Patrick’s day
A doctor walks into a room with a dying patient and tells him, I’m sorry, but you only have ten left. The patient asks him, Ten what, Doc? Hours? Days? Weeks? The doctor calmly looks at him and says, Nine.
Where did the cat go after losing its tail? The retail store %%Cat
What kind of bird works on a construction site? A crane.
What’s worse than when it’s raining cats and dogs? Hailing taxis.
Which spice is the most festive? Christmas thyme. %%Christmas
What did the tree say when summer finally arrived? What a re-leaf. %%Summer
What’s the difference between a man wearing pajamas on a bicycle and a guy wearing a tuxedo on a unicycle? Attire.
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad!
What do you call birds that stick together? Velcrows %%Animal
How are false teeth like stars? They come out at night.
What did one pumpkin pie say to the other? “You wanna piece of me?” %%Thanksgiving
What has a bow but can’t be tied? A rainbow. %%Spring
What’s every parent’s favorite Christmas Carol? Silent Night. %%Christmas
What kind of grades did the pirate get in school? High Cs. %%Pirate
What did Benjamin Franklin say when he discovered electricity? Nothing. He was too shocked.
This guy was fired for always sweeping girls off their feet. He was a super-aggressive janitor.
What’s green, covered in tinsel and goes ‘ribbet ribbet’? A Mistle-toad. %%Christmas
How do you cure a fear of a speed bump? You slowly get over it.
Knock Knock Who’s there? Olive Olive who? Olive you! %%Valentine’s Day
What did one pumpkin pie say to the other? You’re gourd-ous. %%Thanksgiving
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing.
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless.
What’s the best Christmas gift to give? A broken drum. You can’t beat it. %%Christmas
What did the salt say to the pepper on Christmas? Seasonings greetings! %%Christmas
Why don’t skeletons fight each other? They don’t have the guts!
What’s a skeleton’s favorite dish at a BBQ? Ribs!
What do you call a skull without 86 billion neurons? A no brainer.
To the person who stole my case of energy drinks: I hope you can’t sleep at night.
Why did police arrest the turkey? They suspected fowl play.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
Never talk to me about fashion. It just goes in one year and out the other.
I brought an egg to a comedy show and he cracked up.
What was the first animal in space? The cow that jumped over the moon. %%Animal
Why does Santa go down the chimney instead of through the front door? Because it soots him. %%Christmas
What did the cop say when he a snowman stealing? Freeze! %%Christmas
Why don’t chicks play baseball? Too many fowl plays. %%Easter
How do you wish a dog Merry Christmas? Feliz Navi-dog. %%Christmas
I used to be a banker, but I lost interest.
Why did the raisin go out with the prune? Because he couldn’t find a date.
Why does Darth Vader always sound so angry when he breathes? He’s always venting.
What comes at the beginning of parades? The letter “p.” %%Thanksgiving
How do you tell a scientist that they have bad breath? Offer them an experi-mint.
What’s a vampire’s favorite fruit? Neck-tarines. %%Halloween
I hate Velcro. It’s a rip off.
It hurts me to say this, but I have a sore throat.
Spiders are so smart, they know everything on the web. %%Halloween
Why did the dinosaur cross the road? Because the chicken wasn’t born yet. %%Cross the road
What has one horn and gives milk? A milk truck.
What do you get if Santa goes down the chimney when a fire is lit? Krisp Kringle. %%Christmas
Apparently it was the fridge shrinking my clothes…not the dryer.
I was addicted to the hokey pokey…but I turned myself around.
What kind of fruit do you bring while sailing? Naval oranges.
How does a scientist freshen her breath? With experi-mints.
When does Friday come before Thursday? In the dictionary.
What is the most popular fish in the ocean? A starfish.
Where do you find a turkey with no legs? Exactly where you left it. %%Thanksgiving
Who was the fattest knight at King Arthur’s round table? Sir Cumference.
Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns. That’s just how eye roll.
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet — I just don’t know y.
What did one candle say to the other? Do you want to go out tonight?
My wife said if she didn’t like my Christmas gift she’d burn it. So I got her a candle. %%Christmas
What is a guitar player’s favorite Italian food? Strum-boli.
Why was the football stadium cold? There were too many fans. %Sports
Why did the physicist and the biologist break up? Because they had no chemistry.
What should you expect at the end of Thanksgiving? The letter “g.” %%Thanksgiving
When does it rain brains? During a brain storm!
Do you know the story about the chicken that crossed the road? Me neither, I couldn’t follow it.
Most people can’t tell the difference between entomology and etymology. I can’t find the words for how much this bugs me.
Who’s the snowman’s favorite rapper? Ice Cube. %%Christmas
What kind of rabbit delivers Easter eggs to fish? The Oyster Bunny. %%Easter
What was Luke’s secret codename before he got his mechanical limb? Hand Solo
What do you call a pudgy psychic? A four-chin teller.
What is a calendar’s favorite food? Dates.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Ivana. Ivana who? Ivana candy cane. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? Because it lost its filling.
Why can’t motorcycles do push-ups? Because they’re always two-tired.
What did the salt say to the pepper on Christmas? Seasonings greetings! %%Christmas
That circus fire was in tents.
How did one wave greet the other wave? She waved.
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback.
What does garlic do before it showers? Takes its cloves off.
What do you call sweets that can keep a beat? Candy rappers. %%Valentine’s Day
Why did the tailor get fired? He wasn’t a good fit.
I began to read a horror novel in braille. Something bad is about to happen—I can feel it.
When I was younger, my parents told me I can be anyone I dreamed of becoming. Then I learned the hard way that identity theft is a crime.
Why are pirates bad at singing the alphabet song? They get stuck at C.
How did the pirate get his Jolly Roger so cheaply? He bought it on sail.
Why was the broom late? It over swept.
What kind of bird works on a construction site? A crane. %%Animal
I was wondering why the ball kept getting bigger and bigger… // And then it hit me.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck.
Did you hear about the snowman prom? It was a snowball. %%Christmas
What country’s capital is growing the fastest? Ireland. Every day it’s Dublin.
What do you call a camel with no humps? Humpfrey!
How did the snowman pay for his groceries? With cold cash. %%Christmas
What do witches’ cats like to eat for breakfast? Mice crispies!
The last time my dad played baseball he got arrested. Apparently he tried to steal second base. %%Fathers Day
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh!
I wasn’t close to my father when he died. Which is lucky because he stepped on a landmine.
Why did the computer get mad at the printer? Because it didn’t like its toner voice.
How does Punxsutawney Phil greet his parents? With hogs and kisses. %%Groundhog Day
What’s the name of a very polite, European body of water? Merci.
A turtle is crossing the road when he’s mugged by two snails. When the police ask him what happened, the shaken turtle replies, I don’t know. It all happened so fast.
A pirate walks into a bar with a paper towel on his head. The bartender says, What’s with the paper towel? The pirate says, Arrr! I’ve got a Bounty on me head!
Where does Santa stay on vacation? At a ho-ho-ho-tel. %%Christmas
Never date a tennis player. Love means nothing to them.
Who is Santa’s favorite singer? Elf-is Presley. %%Christmas
How did Scrooge win the soccer game? The Ghost of Christmas passed. %%Christmas
I just found out Albert Einstein existed. My whole life I thought he was a theoretical physicist.A comma. A literalist takes everything literally. A kleptomaniac takes everything, literally.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? A herd. A herd who? A herd you were hosting Thanksgiving this year. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Did you hear about the red and blue ships that collided? All the sailors were marooned.
I want to make a brief joke, but it’s a little cheesy.
I accidentally dropped my pillow on the floor. I think it has a concushion.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Aisle. Aisle who? Aisle be seeing you on Groundhog Day. %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock
What did the daddy buffalo say to his son when he left for camp? Bison.
Dyeing eggs: Easter said than done. %%Easter
What is a polar bear’s favourite type of fast food? Ice berg-ers.
Why are balloons so expensive? Inflation!
Get the elf out of here. %%Christmas
Why are fish so smart? Because they live in schools. %%Animal
Did you hear the one about the rude turkey? It was jerk-y. %%Thanksgiving
How do you talk to a giant? You use big words!
Why did the computer get glasses? To improve its website.
What do fish use to buy groceries? Sand dollars %%Summer
I’m writing a book about glue, but I’m stuck on the first chapter.
How do you fix a pumpkin with a hole in it? With a pumpkin patch!
How do you identify a dogwood tree? By its bark. %%Fathers Day
How does a hurricane see? With one eye.
How do you fix a broken jack-o-lantern? With a pumpkin patch.
Where do Santa’s reindeer stop for coffee? Star-bucks. %%Christmas
Where does Santa cash his checks? At the snow bank. %%Christmas
People in Athens rarely get up before sunrise. Dawn is tough on Greece.
You can tell it’s a dogwood tree from its bark.
What do you call a cow that won’t give milk? A milk dud. %%Animal
What do you call a dancing chick? Poultry in motion. %%Easter
Why do snowmen live at the North Pole? Because it’s cool. %%Christmas
A brain walks into a bar and takes a seat. I’d like some wings and a pint of beer, please, it says. Sorry, but I can’t serve you, the bartender replies. You’re out of your head.
Why did the cat bring its watch to the bank? It wanted to save time. %%Cat
What side of a tree grows the most branches? The outside!
What’s a parrot’s favourite game? Hide and speak.
How do Santa’s elves get around the North Pole? They ride icicles. %%Christmas
What do you call a kid who doesn’t believe in Santa? A rebel without a Claus. %%Christmas
When I was a kid, my dad got fired from his job as a road worker for theft. I refused to believe he could do such a thing, but when I got home, the signs were all there.
What did the papa cow say to the baby cow? It’s pasture bedtime. %%Fathers Day
The football coach went to the bank to get his quarterback.
Where does the Easter Bunny live? Nobunny knows. %%Easter
Why do M&Ms go to school? Because they want to be a Smartie.
Why did the student eat his homework? The teacher said it was a piece of cake.
What should you do if you meet a giant? Use big words.
In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble. In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart.
What does Santa use to clean his sleigh? Comet. %%Christmas
I never buy pre-shredded cheese because doing it yourself is grate.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine!
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They’re making headlines.
Have a happy Easter, for Peep’s sake. %%Easter
How do flat-earthers travel? On a plane.
What does a gingerbread man use to make his bed? A cookie sheet. %%Christmas
Someone told me that I should write a book. I said, That’s a novel concept.
How many paranoids does it take to change a light bulb? Who wants to know?
How do birds learn to fly? They wing it. %%Animal
What did the big flower say to the tiny flower? Hey there bud!
What’s the most popular Christmas wine? I don’t like Brussels sprouts! %%Christmas
Why is the ocean so clean? It has mer-maids. %%Summer
Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is? No sun.
How does Punxsutawney Phil stay cool in the summer? He has many fans. %%Groundhog Day
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs!
Did you hear about the nurse who didn’t want to become a doctor? She didn’t have the patients.
Why couldn’t the family leave the room after playing with Legos? They were blocked.
What is a vampire’s favorite halloween candy? A sucker. %%Halloween
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
What’s a lazy kangaroo called? A pouch potato.
If a pig loses its voice, does it become disgruntled?
Me: Go to bed, the cows are already asleep in the field. Son: So what? Me: It’s pasture bedtime.
What did one hat say to the other? Wait here, I’m going on ahead!
Show me the bunny! %%Easter
Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be just-water.
What month of the year has 28 days? All of them. %%April Fools
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it! %Food
I was just reminiscing about the beautiful herb garden I had when I was growing up. Good thymes.
How many lawyers does it take to change a lightbulb? None, they’d rather keep their clients in the dark.
How do cats talk quietly? They whis-purr. %%Cat
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Teddy. Teddy who? Teddy is Groundhog Day. %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock
Why are volcanoes so popular? They are lava-able.
What do you call a wizard who’s really bad at football? Fumbledore.
My kid gave me a ’World’s Best Dad’ mug. At least she inherited my sense of humor.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was out standing in his field.
What did the Easter egg say at the end of the comedy show? That’s all yolks. %%Easter
My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo so I had to put my foot down.
I used to be able to play the piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands.
What happened to the frog that parked illegally? It got toad.
Who delivers Christmas presents to sharks? Santa Jaws. %%Christmas
How do you plant a kiss in April? You use two lips. %%April Fools %%Spring
What does the little Champagne bottle call his father? Pop! %%New Year
Why do bananas wear sunscreen? Because they peel. %%Summer
Did you get your haircut? No, I got them all cut.
This New Year I resolve to be less awesome... Since that is really the only thing I do in excess. %%New Year
What was the caterpillar’s New Year’s resolution? To turn over a new leaf. %%New Year
Air used to be free at the gas station. Now it’s $1.50. You know why? Inflation.
What’s a bad wizard’s favorite computer program? Spell check.
What Valentine’s message was on the honeycomb? Bee mine. %%Valentine’s Day
How do Easter eggs stay in shape? Eggs-ercise. %%Easter
To the person who stole my limbo stick: That was a new low.
The past, the present, and the future walked into a bar. It was tense.
What’s it called when kittens get stuck in a tree? A cat-astrophe.
What do elves post on Social Media? Elf-ies. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Water. Water who? Water you askin’ Santa for Christmas? %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Some astronauts wanted to have a New Year’s party on the moon, but they didn’t planet in time. %%New Year
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one.
Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don’t work.
What do you call two birds in love? Tweethearts! %%Valentine’s Day
What did one spring flower say to the other? "Girl, you really got me growing." %%April Fools
Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they’re so good at it.
My hotel tried to charge me $10 extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool.
Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Icy. Icy who? Icy you. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
What do you get when you cross a dog and a tulip? A collie-flower. %%Spring
What do you call an Easter bunny with fleas? Bugs Bunny. %%Spring
Why don’t flowers like to ride bicycles? They keep losing their petals. %%Spring
What do frogs order at restaurants? French flies.
Where does Punxsutawney Phil see his doctor? The hog-spital. %%Groundhog Day
How do moths swim? Using the butterfly stroke.
What do snowmen call their offspring? Chill-dren. %%Christmas
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends.
How do you make a water bed bouncier? Add spring water.
What is a personal injury lawyer’s favorite dessert? A torte.
How do you cook an alligator? With a croc-pot. %%Animal
What does a writer have in common with a football player? Anxiety over a rough draft.
What does the pig give his dad for Father’s Day? Lots of hogs and kisses. %%Fathers Day
What do you call a fibbing cat? Lion. %%Cat
What is a camel’s favorite day of the week? Hump Day!
I don’t know much about the best things in Switzerland, but their flag is a big plus.
Why did the whale blush? It saw the ocean’s bottom. %%Summer
Wanna hear a joke about construction? Well, you’ll have to wait—I’m still working on it.
Five out of four people admit they’re bad with fractions.
What did the police officer say after arresting the leprechaun? "The jig is up!" %%St. Patrick’s day
Did you know that milk is the fastest liquid on earth? It’s pasteurized before you can even see it.
When is the best time to go to the dentist? Tooth-irty.
What do kids play when they have nothing else to do? Bored games.
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock.
What do you call someone who doesn’t have a nose or body? Nobody knows.
Why don’t leopards play hide-and-go-seek? They’re always spotted. %%Fathers Day
What do you call a sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop.
3.14% of sailors are considered pi-rates.
Did you hear that Santa knows karate? He has a black belt. %%Christmas
What do youneed to make a small fortune on Wall Street? A large fortune.
If the early bird catches the worm, I’ll sleep in until there are pancakes.
How do you fit more pigs on a farm? Build a sty-scraper. %%Animal
What runs around a baseball field but never moves? A fence.
My boss wished me a good day, so I went back home.
Why did the vampire read the newspaper? Because it had great circulation. %%Halloween
What did the Pilgrims use to make cookies on Thanksgiving? May flour. %%Thanksgiving
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged!
What do ye call a pirate with two eyes and two legs? A rookie! %%Pirate
When you have a bladder infection, urine trouble.
Where do hamburgers go to dance? The meatball.
I wouldn’t buy anything with velcro. It’s a total rip-off.
How you can tell that Santa is real? You can always sense his presents. %%Christmas
I signed up for a marathon, but how will I know if it’s the real deal or just a run through?
What did the bull say on January 1? Happy New Steer. %%New Year
Why is everyone so tired on April 1? Because they just finished a 31-day march. %%April Fools
How do you stop a bull from charging? Cancel its credit card.
Which of Santa’s reindeer are dinosaurs afraid of? Comet. %%Christmas
What are the least expensive type of teeth? Buck teeth.
I’m egg-static over Easter. %%Easter
Why did the spider buy a sports car? So he could take it out for a spin.what is brown and stick? a stick
What did the hamburger name its baby? Patty.
Why did the snowman buy a bag of carrots? He wanted to pick his nose.
What’s the difference between a badly dressed kid on a bicycle and a well dressed kid on a tricycle? Attire!
What are the best Christmas sweaters made from? Fleece Navidad. %%Christmas
5/4 of people admit they’re bad at fractions.
What happens when a snowman throws a tantrum? He has a meltdown.
That car seems nice, but the muffler looks exhausted.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it’s tearable.
What do you call someone who isn’t a dad but tells dad jokes? A faux pa. %%Fathers Day
Why did the ram run over the cliff? He didn’t see the ewe turn. %%Animal
I have a joke about trickle down economics. But 99% of you will never get it.
Have you got a date for Valentine’s Day? Yeah, it’s February 14th. %%Valentine’s Day
What did the roof say to the shingle? The first one is on the house.
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems! %%School
What do you give the dentist of the year? A little plaque.
I love dad jokes, but I don’t have kids, which makes me a Faux Pa.
How do you make Lady Gaga cry? Poker face! %%Fathers Day
I wanted my kids to watch the orchestra, but I had to turn it off—too much sax and violins.
What do tacos say in church? Lettuce pray! %%Cinco De Mayo
What did the raspberry say to his valentine? I love you berry much. %%Valentine’s Day
If two vegans get in a fight, is it still considered a beef?
Why don’t rabbits live very long? They’re on burrowed time. %%Easter
My dog is a genius. I asked him, What’s two minus two? He said nothing.
I have a joke about nepotism, but I’ll only give it to my kids.
Have you heard about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
What do you call Santa when he’s wearing ear muffs? Anything, he can’t hear you. %%Christmas
What do lawyers wear to court? Lawsuits!
How do you get a good price on a sled? You have toboggan. %%Winter
What does a pampered cow make? Spoiled milk.
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate 9.
What’s a duck’s favorite part of the news? The feather forecast.
What does a sprinter eat before a race? Nothing, they fast!
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!
Dear Math, it’s time to grow up and solve your own problems.
What did one angel say to the other? Halo there! %%Christmas
What kind of music do elves listen to? Wrap music. %%Christmas
Am I the only man my wife has ever dated? Unfortunately, yes, she said the others were all nines or tens!
What kind of milk comes from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk.
What did the juicer say to the orange during self-quarantine? Can’t wait to squeeze you!
Why can’t you trust a balloon? It’s full of hot air.
What’s a duck’s favorite vegetable? Eggplant.
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswaggons.
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!
What does a Jedi Master say on Valentine’s Day? Yoda one for me. %%Valentine’s Day
Why can’t you ever run through a campsite? You can only ran — it’s always past tents!
What did the geometry teacher say when the class had trouble solving a problem? Let’s try a different angle.
Did you hear about the guy who drank invisible ink? He’s at the hospital waiting to be seen.
Do you have a date for Valentine’s Day? Yes, it’s February 14. %%Valentine’s Day
To the person who stole my depression medication: I hope you’re happy now.
What kind of jewelry do rabbits wear? 14 carrot gold. %%Animal
Why are piggy banks so wise? They’re filled with common cents.
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you didn’t like it.
Where do birds invest their money? In the stork market.
Why couldn’t the duck be quiet? Because it was addicted to quack.
Why is the cemetery so popular? People are just dying to get in there!
That holiday sweater is so ugly, it gives Stephen King nightmares. %%Christmas
What says Oh Oh Oh? Santa walking backward. %%Christmas
What do elves learn in Kindergarten? The elfa-bet. %%Christmas
What did the banana say to the dog? Bananas can’t talk. %%Animal
What did the tree say to the new spring flower? I’m rooting for you. %%Spring
What do you call a medieval lamp? A knight light.
If money doesn’t grow on trees, then why do banks have branches?
My friend said that if he went off a cliff, it would be on his own accord. It’s a good thing he drives a Civic.
Why don’t seashells take baths? Because they wash up on the beach. %%Summer
What do you call two witches sharing an apartment? Broom-mates!
Why does Princess Leia keep her hair tied up in buns? So it doesn’t Hang So-low.
I was playing chess with my friend and he said, Let’s make this interesting. So we stopped playing chess.
What’s the astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The spacebar.
Why did Beethoven get rid of his chickens? All they said was, Bach, Bach, Bach…
How does Jack Frost get to work? On a snowmobile. %%Christmas
A cheese factory exploded downtown. Da brie is all over the streets!
What did the big flower say to the little flower? Be-leaf in yourself. %%Spring
Why did the math book look sad? Because it had too many problems!
It’s a shame that the Beatles didn’t make the submarine in that song green. That would’ve been sublime.
Why couldn’t the couple get married at the library? It was all booked up.
Why do smartphones ring? Because they can’t talk.
Don’t eat my cheese, that’s nacho cheese! %%Cinco De Mayo
Why don’t dogs like walking in the rain? They are afraid of Poodles.
Why was the turkey expelled from the game? It committed a fowl. %%Thanksgiving
Where does Santa store his suit? In his Claus-et. %%Christmas
Why did the watch go on vacation? Because it needed to unwind.
Why did the pharmacist walk on her tiptoes? She didn’t want to wake the sleeping pills.
Where does a camel go after dinner? Straight for the desert trolley.
I went to a smoke shop only to discover it’d been replaced by an apparel store. Clothes, but no cigar.
What do you call a reindeer with only two legs? Eileen. %%Christmas
I lost my job at the bank on my first day. A woman asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over.
What did one piece of tape say to the other? Let’s stick together.
What’s the difference between a well-dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
I bought Velcro sneakers, but they were a total rip-off!
You know people say they pick their noses… but I feel like I was just born with mine!
I asked my dog what’s two minus two. He said nothing.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Holly. Holly who? Holly-days are my favorite. %%Christmas
Why did the laptop show up late to school? It had a hard drive.
What do you call a snowman with no arms or legs? A snowball. %%Christmas
I’m always getting sick during the week because I have a weekend immune system.
Why are pediatricians always so angry? Because they have little patients.
How do turkeys search the internet? They use Gobble. %%Thanksgiving
Why do skunks love Valentine’s Day? They are very scent-imental creatures. %%Valentine’s Day
I’ve been breeding racing deer. Just trying to make a quick buck.
I have a joke about a roof, but it would just go over your head.
What did the ocean say to the pirate? Nothing, it just waved.
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarterback.
In a freak accident today, a photographer was killed when a huge lump of cheddar landed on him. To be fair, the people who were being photographed did try to warn him.
What falls at the North Pole but never gets hurt? Snow! %%Christmas
My wife is really mad that I have no sense of direction. I packed up my stuff and right.
I had a dream about being a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
What was the child who wouldn’t nap guilty of? Resisting a rest!
What’s a cows favorite holiday? Moo Year’s Eve %%New Year
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs.
How do trees get on the internet? They log in.
What do gingerbread men have on their bed? Cookie sheets! %%Christmas
What do you call Santa’s little helpers? Subordinate clauses. %%Christmas
Why didn’t Rudolph go to school? He was elf-taught. %%Christmas
Why would you want to marry a goalie?Because he (or she) is a real keeper! %%Valentine’s Day
What’s the best part about Valentine’s Day? The day after when all the candy is on sale. %%Valentine’s Day
How do you catch a squirrel? Climb a tree and act like a nut!
What was Luke’s reaction to food made by baby Wookiees? It’s good, but it’s a little Chewie.
What do you call a herd of sheep falling down a hill? A lambslide. %%Animal
What cars do sheep drive? Lamborghinis.
It takes a lot of guts to be an organ donor.
Where do gingerbread men sleep? On cookie sheets. %%Christmas
What kind of egg did the evil chicken lay? A deviled egg.
A cop started crying while he was writing me a ticket. I asked him why and he said, It’s a moving violation.
I have a fish that can breakdance. Only for ten seconds though, and only once.
Why should you never use beef stew as a password? It’s not stroganoff.
I failed my driving test today. The instructor asked me, What do you do at a red light? I said, I usually check my emails and see what people are up to on Facebook.
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word.
Why did the invisible man decline the job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it.
What is the best toothpaste for the brain? Neural Crest.
I’m afraid of the calendar. Its days are numbered.
Did dinosaurs celebrate Easter? No, silly, they were egg-stinct. %%Easter
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged.
What do you call a sick lemon? Lemon-aid.
If you see a burglary at an Apple store, you become an iWitness.
Why do frogs never park illegally? They are afraid of getting toad.
In a while crocodile %%Goodbye
It takes guts to be an organ donor.
When do pirates remove the anchor? At the kraken of dawn. %%Pirate
What part of the museum makes everyone sneeze? The sta-tues.
Why did the cop pull over the U-Haul van? He wanted to bust a move.
What do you call a pirate mutiny? A conspira-sea! %%Pirate
Why did an old man fall in a well? Because he couldn’t see that well!
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet — it was clogged.
My dream job is to clean mirrors, because I can really see myself doing that.
When you look for something, why is it always in the last place you look? Because when you find it, you stop looking.
What do turkeys use to serve wine? A gob-let. %%Thanksgiving
Why does Marvel advertise The Hulk the most? Because he’s basically one big Banner!
I just watched all the Harry Potter movies back-to-back with a friend. It maybe wasn’t the best idea, because it meant I couldn’t see the TV.
What do ducks carry their school books in? Quack-packs.
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around.
Why do people wear shamrocks on St. Patrick’s Day? Because real rocks would be too heavy. %%St. Patrick’s day
How did the snowman pay for his groceries? With cold cash. %%Christmas
What did the ocean say when it saw the Mayflower crossing? Nothing. It just waved. %%Thanksgiving
Where does the Easter Bunny eat breakfast? IHOP. %%Easter
How do you make pork sausage? Ground hog. %%Groundhog Day
I’m not buying a 2024 calendar until I see the trailer. %%New Year
Why didn’t the brain want to take a bath? It didn’t want to be brainwashed.
Did you hear about the leprechaun that couldn’t pay rent? He was a little short. %%St. Patrick’s day
What do reindeer hang on their Christmas trees? Hornaments. %%Christmas
What do you tell a pig on February 14? Happy Valen-swine’s Day! %%Valentine’s Day
What does a pirate name his dog? The Plank. That’s why he’s always walking The Plank. %%Pirate
I once met a giant cat. I didn’t know what to say so I used big words. %%Cat
How do you make 7 even? You take away the s.
Why did the chicken cross the playground? Because it wanted to get to the other slide. %%Cross the road
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite. %%Christmas
What are turkeys thankful for on Thanksgiving? Vegetarians. %%Thanksgiving
I used to have a job at a calendar factory, but I got fired because I took a couple of days off.
Why do vampires not want to become investment bankers? They hate stakeholders. %%Halloween
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Donut. Donut who? Donut open the presents until Christmas. %%Christmas
What’s blue and not very heavy? Light blue.
There’s only one thing I can’t deal with, and that’s a deck of cards glued together.
I have a joke about butter, but I’m not going to spread it.
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste!
Which Star Wars character works at a restaurant? Darth Waiter!
What’s the least-spoken language in the world? Sign language.
What happens when potatoes drink too much? They get mashed. %%Thanksgiving
What do you call a turkey the day after Thanksgiving? Lucky! %%Thanksgiving
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut!
What happens to cows that get too much sun? They turn into evaporated milk %%Summer
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield!
How does the Easter Bunny travel from one place to another? By hare plane. %%Easter
What did one turkey say to the other? “Let’s get basted!” %%Thanksgiving
I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but he said it’s just a bug going around.
The bank keeps calling me to give me compliments. They say I have an outstanding balance.
How did the squirrel get his Valentine’s attention? He acted like a nut. %%Valentine’s Day
Does anyone know a good Groundhog Day joke? I keep hearing the same one over and over again. %%Groundhog Day
Why did the teddy bear skip dessert? She was stuffed.
What do ghosts drink to celebrate St. Patrick’s Day? Boo-ze. %%St. Patrick’s day
To the person who stole my place in line: I’m after you now.
Eggs-pert Easter Egg hunter. %%Easter
What should a duck wear to a fancy event? A duck-sedo.
What’s green and has wheels? Grass! I lied about the wheels.
I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus but geometry is where I draw the line.
Why did the watch go on vacation? To unwind. %%Summer
Did you hear about that person who was afraid of jumping a hurdle? They got over it!
How does a boar sign its name? With a pig pen.
The bartender broke up with her boyfriend, but he convinced her to give him one more shot.
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bull-dozer. %%Animal
When my wife told me to stop impersonating a flamingo, I had to put my foot down…
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A Lamborghini.
Knock knock. Who’s there? Cheese. Cheese who? For cheese a jolly good fellow. %%New Year
I just gave my too-weak notice at the gym.
What did the farmer give his wife for Valentine’s Day? Hogs and kisses. %%Valentine’s Day
Did you hear about the turkey haunted house? It had a poultry-geist. %%Thanksgiving
Why are fish so smart? Because they swim in schools. %%Fathers Day
What do leprechauns use to clean the bathroom? Mr. Green. %%St. Patrick’s day
My parents raised me as an only child. Which really annoyed my younger brother.
Why do bumblebees hum? They don’t know the words. %%Spring
What has five toes, a heel, and isn’t your foot? My foot.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Noah. Noah who? Noah good place to get sunglasses? %%Summer
Why did the pug buy a clock? It wanted to be a watchdog.
What do snowmen eat for breakfast? Frosted flakes. %%Christmas
What’s 90 degrees but covered with ice? The North and South Poles.
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh.
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful.
I’m going to stay up late this New Year’s Eve—not to ring in the New Year, but to make sure this one leaves. %%New Year
What did one wall say to the other? I’ll meet you at the corner.
What did one wall say to the other wall? I’ll meet you at the corner!
Why did the duck get detention? He couldn’t stop quackin’ jokes in class.
My father used to be afraid of hurdles. But he got over it. %%Fathers Day
What did the blanket say to the bed? I’ve got you covered.
A century ago, two brothers decided it was possible to fly. And as you can see, they were Wright.
I have a joke about drilling, but it’s boring.
A guy walked into a bar…then he was disqualified from the limbo contest.
Why was the woman afraid for the calendar? She said its days were numbered!
What did one snowman say to the other snowman? Does it smell like carrots? %%Christmas
What did the doctor say to the panicked man who was afraid he was shrinking? Settle down — you’ll have to learn to be a little patient!
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays.
What did the accountant say while auditing a document? This is taxing. %%Fathers Day
What’s the easiest way to burn 1,000 calories? Leave the pizza in the oven!
Buying presents this year is a bit of a tree-for-all. %%Christmas
Is there anything worse than when it’s raining cats and dogs? Yes! Hailing taxis.
A slice of apple pie costs $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the Bahamas. These are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
Why did the girl put her cake in the freezer? She wanted to ice it. %%Birthday
Why should you never use a dull pencil? Because it’s pointless. %%Fathers Day
Where do cows go for entertainment? To the moovies.
What do you give a cat with allergies? An anti-hiss-tamine. %%Cat
Why don’t seagulls fly over the bay? Because then they’d be bagels (bay gulls).
Pirates make the best singers. They can hit the high sea notes with ease. %%Pirate
How did the turkey get home for Thanksgiving? It took the gravy train. %%Thanksgiving
What do elves do after school? Gnome-work. %%Christmas
Why do Irish cows wear bells? Their horns don’t work. %%St. Patrick’s day
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Sia. Sia who? Sia in the spring! %%Groundhog Day
What did the three-legged dog say when he walked into a saloon? I’m looking for the man who shot my paw.
What happens when frogs park illegally? They get toad.
If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef?
I’m on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it!
My dad quit his job as an archeologist. Now his career is in ruins. %%Fathers Day
Which animal takes up the most square feet? A groundhog. %%Groundhog Day
Why do Polar bears listen to indie songs? They like cool music.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles.
Which U.S. state is known for its especially small soft drinks? Minnesota.
I got my dad a book about glue once. He couldn’t put it down. %%Fathers Day
How much did the pirate pay for his piercings? A buck-an-ear %%Pirate
The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers.
What’s the downside to birthdays? Too many will kill you. %%Fathers Day
What do you get when you put a car and a pet together? A carpet.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field. %%Fathers Day
Why are elevator jokes so good? They work on so many levels.
Why did the brain go running? It wanted to jog its memory!
What do you call a romance that starts at the aquarium? Guppy love. %%Valentine’s Day
Why did the pirate go on vacation? He needed a little arrrr and arrr. %%Pirate
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? One you will see later, the other after while.
What’s the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu? One requires tweetment and the other an oinkment.
What do you call a snowman in the desert? An oasis. %%Christmas
How do cats mix cake batter? With whiskers. %%Cat
Why did the pirate go to the Apple store? He needed a new iPatch. %%Pirate
What was said about the messy, angry man who was eating a can of Pringles? He’s got a chip on his shoulder.
How do you fix a broken jack-o’-lantern? With a pumpkin patch! %%Halloween
What do witches put on their hair? Scare spray.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
And what did the tweenager give his mom? Ughs and kisses! %%Valentine’s Day
Why did the pony miss singing at the Christmas concert? It was a little horse. %%Christmas
I tell dad jokes, but I don’t have any kids. I’m a faux pa.
I spent a lot of time, money, and effort childproofing my house, but the kids still get in.
If you see a robbery at an Apple store, does that make you an iWitness?
I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it’s just a bug that’s going around.
What do you call monkeys with a shared Amazon account? Prime mates.
You and I are just two peeps in a pod. %%Easter
8 vowels, 11 consonants, an exclamation mark, and a comma appeared in court today. They are due to be sentenced next week.
What’s a ghost’s favorite dessert? I-scream! %%Halloween
What do you call a sad strawberry? A blueberry.
Did you hear about the successful florist? Business is positively blooming. %%Spring
I want to name my puppies Rolex and Timex so I can have watch dogs.
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of the computer? The Space Bar.
Why was the flower late to school? It decided to stay in its bed. %%Spring
Where do one-legged pirates go for brunch? IHOP! %%Pirate
How do you get into a reindeer’s house? Ring the deer-bell. %%Christmas
3.14 percent of sailors are pi-rates.
What do you get when you cross a tulip and a dog? Collie-flower. %%Spring
I’m thinking I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
Don’t get caught elvesdropping on Santa! %%Christmas
What’s the difference between a hippo and a Zippo? One is very heavy, the other is a little lighter.
Why is it always cold on Christmas? Because it’s in Decem-burr. %%Christmas
How do you hire a cat? Put up a ladder. %%Cat
What do you call two ducks and a cow? Quackers and milk!
What’s brown and sounds like a bell? Dung!
Why don’t pirates shower before they walk the plank? They’ll just wash up on shore later. %%Pirate
Where did the Pilgrims stand after landing on Plymouth Rock? On their feet. %%Thanksgiving
What’s a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries. %%Thanksgiving
You know you overdid it on Christmas when aliens discover our planet, thanks to your light display. %%Christmas
Did you hear about the cat that lost its left legs? It’s all right now. %%Cat
Did you hear about the outlet who got in a fight with the power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
What would you call a polar bear who is afraid of confined spaces? Claw-strophobic.
What do you call a horse who lives next door? Neighbor!
How long should socks be? Twelve inches, so you can fit in one foot.
Did you hear about the jelly bean that went to college? It wanted to be a Smartie. %%Easter
What did the Dalmatian say after dinner? That hit the spot.
Gotta flee bumble bee %%Goodbye
What kind of horse do ghosts ride? A night-mare. %%Halloween
How was the handsome runner described? Dashing.
What did one cat say to the other cat on Valentine’s Day?Don’t ever change, you’re purrrfect. %%Valentine’s Day
You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine.
Why do crabs never share their lobsters? They’re shellfish.
What do you call it when two pirates call it a draw? A stale-matey! %%Pirate
What do you call a naughty lamb dressed up like a skeleton for Halloween? Baaad to the bone.
Do I enjoy making courthouse puns? Guilty.
What did the cheerleader serve for Father’s Day breakfast? Cheerios. %%Fathers Day
How do you make Lady Gaga mad? Poke her face.
How do you follow Will Smith in the snow? You follow the fresh prints.
I have a joke about trickle-down economics, but 99% of you will never get it.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Tree. Tree who? Tree wise men. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021!
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. %%Food
Which of Santa’s friends is the most chill? Jack Frost. %%Christmas
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk. %%Animal
Where do elves go to vote? The north poll. %%Christmas %%Election
What does a pirate use a cell phone for? Booty calls %%Pirate
How does a bee brush its hair? It uses a honeycomb.
Why did the cat go to a therapist? It had claw-strophobia. %%Cat
Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up alone? Because it was two tired.
What do all the hens do on a Friday night? Watch a chick flick. %%Easter
What did the photon say to the hotel bellhop? No luggage, I’m traveling light!
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Jewel. Jewel who? Jewel be happy to know that summer’s finally here. %%Summer
I didn’t get a haircut, I got them all cut.
I promise not to make any bad jokes for the rest of the year. %%New Year
I know a surgeon who puts organs back in upside down. I told him that’s not funny, but he said it was an inside joke.
Did you hear the joke about experiencing déjà vu? Did you hear the joke about experiencing déjà vu?
Where do leprechauns play baseball? In a little league. %%St. Patrick’s day
I have a joke about pizza, but it’s really cheesy.
How does a brain say Hello? With a brain wave.
Why don’t reindeer like picnics? Because of all their ant-lures. %%Christmas
How can you tell when April is happy? It has a little spring in its step. %%April Fools
What do skeletons order at a restaurant? Spare ribs. %%Halloween
I tried to get a smart car the other day but they sold out too fast. Why? I guess I’m just a bit slow.
I had a date last night and it was perfect. Tomorrow, I’ll have a fig.
My dad was born a conjoined twin, but separated at birth. So I have an uncle, once removed.
Why did Dracula take cold medicine? Because he was coffin too much. %%Halloween
After dinner Mom asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it.
I shouldn’t have poured my root beer into a square glass. I hate beer!
What kind of lion doesn’t roar? A dandelion.
Why don’t astronomers like Orion’s Belt? It’s a big waist of space!
Who delivers presents to baby sharks? Santa Jaws. %%Christmas
What came first, the chicken or the egg? I just ordered both on Amazon, so I’ll let you know.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I’ll let you know.
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
When should you buy a bird? When it goes cheep.
What did the skeleton wear to the Halloween party? A human costume. %%Halloween
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Arthur. Arthur who? Arthur any more presents? %%Knock knock %%Christmas
What is a groundhog’s favorite color? Ma-hog-any. %%Groundhog Day
I’m so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed.
How does a duck fart? – Through its buttquack or arsequack.
What do Christmas trees get when they go numb? Pines and needles! %%Christmas
Did you hear the joke about déjà vu? Did you hear the joke about déjà vu?
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.
What’s green and sings? Elvis Parsley. %%St. Patrick’s day
An apple a day keeps the doctor away. At least it does if you throw it hard enough.
What do you call Santa’s most impolite reindeer? Rude-olph. %%Christmas
My toddler is refusing to nap. He’s guilty of resisting a rest.
Not coloring eggs this year? Omelette that slide...this time. %%Easter
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere.
What is a mummy’s favorite food? Wraps.
What did the ocean say when Santa flew over? Nothing. It just waved. %%Christmas
What’s the loudest pet you can own? A trumpet.
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink.
What’s a vampire’s favorite ice cream flavor? Vein-illa. %%Halloween
What animal is always at a baseball game? A bat. %%Sports
What does idk stand for? Everyone I ask says, I don’t know.
How does a penguin build a house? Igloos it together.
What did the Thanksgiving turkey say to the Christmas ham? Nice to meat you. %%Thanksgiving
What’s the difference between a snowman and a snow woman? Snowballs.
How do bees get to school? On the buzz. %%Spring
How do you follow Will Smith in the Mud? Follow the fresh prints.
What did the friends say to each other at midnight on New Year’s Eve? I haven’t seen you since last year! %%New Year
What did one volcano say to the other? I lava you! %%Valentine’s Day
Why did the invisible man turn down the job offer? He couldn’t see himself doing it.
I’ll never fir-get. %%Christmas
What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can’t talk!
Why is the cow always smiling? It’s in a good mooood I guess!
How did the phone propose to his GF? He gave her a ring. %%Valentine’s Day
How much do I love crunchy tacos? From my head tomatoes. %%Cinco De Mayo
What’s the leading cause of dry skin? Towels.
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso.
Why do birds fly south after Thanksgiving? Because it’s too far to walk. %%Thanksgiving
What kind of music do elves listen to? Wrap. %%Christmas
How come no one trusts atoms? Because they make up everything.
Why did the brain go to the gym? To get some mental exercise.
What do lobsters do on Father’s Day? Shellabrate their dads. %%Fathers Day
Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.
Where does Santa stay on vacation? At a ho-ho-ho-tel. %%Christmas
What do you call an unconventional Easter egg? Egg-centric. %%Easter
Why do trees seem suspicious on sunny days? They just seem a little shady.
What’s a pirate’s favorite song? No song in particular—just the hook. %%Pirate
When is a pool safe for diving? It deep ends. %%Summer
Why shouldn’t you trust snowmen? They’re always up to snow good. %%Christmas
Imagine if you walked into a bar and there was a long line of people waiting to take a swing at you. That’s the punch line.
Why do golfers always have an extra pair of pants? In case they get a hole in one. %%Fathers Day
My friend was showing me his tool shed and pointed to a ladder. That’s my stepladder, he said. I never knew my real ladder.
What did the pirate say when he became an octogenarian? Aye matey years old! %%Pirate
Not to brag, but I defeated our local chess champion in less than five moves. Finally, my high school karate lessons have started to pay off.
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed.
I think my wife is putting glue on my antique weapons collection. She denies it but I’m sticking to my guns.
What did the mother broom say to the baby broom? It’s time to go sweep.
What do you call festive ducks? Christmas quackers. %%Christmas
How do you make a lemon drop? Just let it fall. %%Food
Why did the computer go to bed? It needed to crash.
Son: Dad, I’m hungry. Dad: Hi hungry, I’m Dad.
That vampire should see a doctor…he’s always coffin. %%Halloween
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back. %%Sports
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet.
Who turns the lights off on Halloween? The light’s witch.
This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in.
What do you call a pirate obsessed with drinking sea water? An aqua-holic %%Pirate
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7,8,9.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
What keys unlock a banana? Mon-keys.
What did one Christmas tree say to the other? You need to lighten up. %%Christmas
What do you call a snowman with no arms or legs? A snowball. %%Christmas
What do girl snakes write at the bottom of their letters? With love and hisses. %%Valentine’s Day
Just got back from a job interview where I was asked if I could perform under pressure. I said I wasn’t too sure about that but I could do a wicked Bohemian Rhapsody.
My therapist told me I have problems expressing my emotions. Can’t say I’m surprised.
What do you get when you cross a donkey with a motorcycle? A Yam-Hee-Haw.
What kind of music did the pilgrims listen to? Plymouth rock.
Why did the elephant lawyer lose his case? Because his argument was irrele-phant.
Where do baby cats swim? The kitty pool.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well. %%Food
How do lawyers say goodbye? We’ll be suing ya!
How much did Santa pay for his sleigh? Nothing. It was on the house. %%Christmas
How do you get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
Where does Santa store his suit? In his Claus-et. %%Christmas
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? Pouch potato.
My dad won’t play cards in the jungle. He says there are too many cheetahs. %%Fathers Day
A duck walks into a bar and buys everyone a round. He tells the bartender, Put it on my bill.
What did the Baby corn ask Mama corn? Where’s my pop corn?
What did one flower say to the other? "What’s up, bud?" %%Spring
Where’s the one place you should never take your dog? A flea market.
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless!
What beans can you plant but never grow? Jelly beans.
How does Darth Vader like his bagels? On the dark side.
Why couldn’t the sesame seed get off the hill? It was on a roll.
Treat yo’elf. %%Christmas
Did you hear the story about the sugarless jelly beans? It’s bittersweet. %%Easter
My dentist offered me dentures for only a dollar. It sounded like a good deal at the time, but now I have buck teeth.
Why are pupils are the last part of your body to stop working when you die? They dilate!
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Arthur. Arthur who? Arthur any more cranberries? %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Where do wasps like to get lunch? A bee-stro.
Why do dogs float in water? Because they are good buoys.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Murray. Murray who? Murray Christmas to you! %%Christmas
Did Noah include termites on the ark?
What’s a tornado’s favorite game? Twister!
What sound does the engine of a witch’s vehicle make? Broooom broooom!
What does the turkey do on the computer? Google, Google! %%Thanksgiving
What do you call a singing laptop? A Dell.
I had an appointment to see my psychic next week, but she just called to cancel.
What kind of shape may have been knighted? Sir-cles.
What lies at the bottom of the ocean and twitches? A nervous wreck. %%Pirate
Why do pirates bury their treasure 18 inches under the ground? Because booty is only shin deep. %%Pirate
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
What’s a pirate’s favorite musical instrument? The guit-arrrr %%Pirate
A bartender broke up with her boyfriend, but he kept asking her for another shot.
I heard Sony’s coming out with a new console during the pandemic...It’s called the Plaguestation 5.
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common? They’re both Paris sites.
A valen-teeny. %%Valentine’s Day
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice.
Why don’t they drink water at the North Pole? Because there’s noel. %%Christmas
What do cakes and baseball teams have in common? They both need a good batter. %%Birthday
What do you call festive ducks? Christmas quackers. %%Christmas
Did you hear about the walnut and cashew that threw a party? It was nuts. %%Food
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck.
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them. %%Halloween
What do you give a scientist with bad breath? Experi-mints.
What kind of phone does a pirate have? An aye phone %%Pirate
How do you row a canoe filled with puppies? Bring out the doggy paddle.
Why was the man fired from the keyboard factory? He wasn’t working with enough shifts.
A friend of mine is known for sweeping girls off their feet. He’s an extremely aggressive janitor.
I thought I got lost on New Year’s Eve, but then I found the Auld Lang sign. %%New Year
Where do fish keep their money? In a river bank.
I don’t want to be friends with Dracula anymore, he’s such a pain in the neck!
Why couldn’t the bike stand up on its own? Because it was too tired.
So a vowel saves another vowel’s life. The other vowel says, Aye E. I owe you.
What is Santa’s nationality? He’s North Pole-ish %%Christmas
Can gardens kiss? Only if they have tulips. %%Spring
Bigfoot is sometimes confused for Sasquatch — Yeti never complains.
What do you need to make Thanksgiving s’mores? Pil-grahams. %%Thanksgiving
Someone complimented my parking today! They left a sweet note on my windshield that said parking fine.
What’s a knight’s favorite dish? Swordfish
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Tanks. Tanks who? Tanksgiving is here! %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Some people can’t distinguish between etymology and entomology. They bug me in ways I can’t put into words.
I used to play piano by ear but now I use my hands.
How many bakers does it take to make a pie? 3.14. %%Thanksgiving
What did the groundhog say when his handler grabbed his tail? “That’s the end of me!” %%Groundhog Day
Why couldn’t the bike stand up? It was two-tired. %%Summer
Knock Knock. Who’s there? Radio. Radio who? Radio not, its a new year. %%New Year
If towels could tell jokes, I think they’d have a very dry sense of humor.
I’m so eggs-cited and I just can’t hide it. %%Easter
Why don’t mummies take time off? They’re afraid to unwind. %%Halloween
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbee-lievable.
A guy walks into a bar, and there’s a horse serving drinks. The horse asks, What are you staring at? Haven’t you ever seen a horse tending bar before? The guy says, It’s not that. I just never thought the parrot would sell the place.
Why shouldn’t you tell an egg a joke? It’ll crack up.
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
I hate my job — all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. All the others are weekdays.
Where do armies belong? In your sleeves.
Why did the bear need to take a break? – He just likes to paws and reflect.
My dog accidentally swallowed a bunch of Scrabble tiles. I think this could spell disaster.
What did the kids say about the fireworks on New Year’s? They were a blast. %%New Year
What’s worse than biting into an apple and finding a worm? Biting into an apple and finding half a worm.
And how did the other sheep respond? You’re not so baaaaaa-d yourself. %%Valentine’s Day
What do bees use to fix their hair? Honeycombs. %%Spring
What’s the difference between a poorly-dressed man on a tricycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire.
What did the ranch say when someone opened the refrigerator door? Close the door, I’m dressing.
How often did my friend ride his DeLorean? From time to time.
When two vegetarians get in a fight, is it still called beef?
What do you call a pig that does karate? A pork chop!
Why was the broom late for school? It over-swept.
I heard that 5/4 of people are bad at fractions.
You can’t trust atoms. They make up everything!
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You’re under a vest!
Why should you never brush your teeth with your left hand? Because a toothbrush works better.
What’s a pirate’s favorite type of exercise? The plank!
Concerned that his son was spending too much time on video games, a dad told him, When Abe Lincoln was your age, he was studying books by the light of the fireplace. Oh yeah? the son retorts. Well, when Abe Lincoln was your age, he was President of the United States.
How do you get a squirrel’s attention? Act like a nut. %%Animal
Does my hare look alright? %%Easter
Why is it a bad idea to iron your four-leaf clover? Cause you shouldn’t press your luck.
Why do ghosts like sales? They’re bargain haunters! %%Halloween
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw salad dressing.
What do you get if you cross Santa with a detective? Santa Clues! %%Christmas
Don’t go in the grass without armor! It’s full of blades!
My father doesn’t like trees. He thinks they’re shady. %%Fathers Day
What do you call a pony with a sore throat? A little hoarse. %%Animal
What should you expect at the end of Christmas Day? The letter Y. %%Christmas
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, Do you know how to drive this thing?
What did the beaver say to the Christmas Tree? Nice gnawing you. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Allie. Allie who? Allie want for Christmas is you. %%Christmas
I sold our vacuum cleaner; it was just gathering dust.
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let’s meet up and make a spectacle of ourselves.
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness?
I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don’t get it.
Easter Sunday: Hare today, gone tomorrow. %%Easter
Where do math teachers love to take vacations? Times Square.
Sundays are always a little sad, but the day before is a sadder day.
What did the little corn say to the mama corn? Where is pop corn? %%Food
Why shouldn’t you write with a broken pencil? Because it’s pointless.
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera.
Pirates don’t need to go on vacation. They get all the arrr and arrr they need at work.
Which Michael Jackson song do Easter eggs refuse to listen to? "Beat It." %%Easter
What did the bear say when his friends asked to hand out? – Sorry, I need to spend koalaty time with my family.
Why do Easter eggs have such good skin? They eggs-foliate. %%Easter
How does a pirate know they’re a pirate? They think, therefore they arrrrrrr! %%Pirate
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home!
What is it called when a prisoner takes their own picture? A cell-fie.
What did one hat say to the other? You go on ahead.
Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation.
Why are woodchucks such bad drivers? Because they hog the road. %%Groundhog Day
What does the cell say to his sister when she steps on his toe? Oh my toe, sis.
How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh? Nothing, it’s on the house. %%Christmas
The waiter asked if I wanted a box for my leftovers, but I told him I’m not into fighting.
What do horses wear for good luck? Shoes. %%St. Patrick’s day
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison!
Why are oranges so slow? They always run out of juice.
A witch’s vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom.
What did the Easter Bunny say when introduced to the tooth fairy? I’ve never met herbivore. %%Easter
What do you call recently-married spiders? Newly-webs.
What’s red, white, and blue all over? A sad candy cane. %%Christmas
What’s a foot long and slippery? A slipper.
Why did the snowman get detention? He was up to snow good. %%Christmas
Too-da-loo Kangaroo %%Goodbye
Retired pirates love yoga because of all the ex-sailing.
What type of music do the planets enjoy? Neptunes.
During my calculus test, I had to sit between identical twins. It was hard to differentiate between them.
I once saw a one-handed man in a second-hand store. I told him, I don’t think they have what you’re looking for, sir.
Why shouldn’t you make fun of a paleontologist? Because you will get Jurasskicked.
Why did the roofer go to the doctor? He had shingles.
I wanted to eat a watch for lunch, but it was too time-consuming.
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin.
What do snowmen wear to work? Snowsuits. %%Christmas
Why shouldn’t you lend money to elves? They’re always short. %%Christmas
What did the baby computer call his father? Data.
One of my favorite memories as a kid was when my brothers used to put me inside a tire and roll me down a hill. Those were Goodyears.
What did one snowman say to the other? Did you pick your nose? %%Christmas
How can you tell if a pig is hot? It’s bacon. %%Food
I used to hate facial hair...but then it grew on me.
How much money does a skunk have? Just one scent.
What’s the best way to watch a fly-fishing tournament? Live stream it!
A father tells his son that he was adopted. I want to meet my biological parents, the son demands. We are your biological parents, the father responds. Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in twenty minutes.
Why was the pig covered in ink? Because it lived in a pen.
When shouldn’t you plant spring flowers? When you haven’t botany. %%Spring
I have a joke about pizza, but it’s too cheesy.
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base.
The saying goes, An apple a day keeps the doctor away, but they keep calling me for my annual checkup.
What does a cloud wear under his raincoat? Thunderwear.
Why did the turkey cross the road? It was following the chicken. %%Thanksgiving %%Cross the road
Where do you learn to make ice cream? At sundae school.
Why are Christmas trees so fond of the past? Because the present’s beneath them. %%Christmas
Why did the lobster blush? Because it saw the ocean’s bottom!
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Aida. Aida who? Aida lot of food and now I’m stuffed. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
What kind of candy is always late on Valentine’s Day? Choco-LATE %%Valentine’s Day
What flower grows between your nose and chin? Two-lips. %%Spring
What kind of salad do they serve at the North Pole? Iceberg lettuce. %%Christmas
Did you hear about pumpkin pie that apologized to the Pilgrim? It was a piece offering. %%Thanksgiving
What kind of internet page do you seek out when your eyes are tired of reading? A site for sore eyes.
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well!
What kind of garden do bakers grow? Flour garden. %%Spring
After an unsuccessful harvest, why did the farmer decide to try a career in music? Because he had a ton of sick beets.
What kind of music does a boulder like? Rock ‘n’ roll.
Did you hear the one about the kid who started a business tying shoelaces on the playground? It was a knot-for-profit.
Why couldn’t the bike stand up on its own? It was too tired.
Why do wiener dogs love winter? They like to dachshund through the snow. %%Christmas
Why do dads tell such corny jokes? They want you to groan up.
Humpty Dumpty had a great fall. Spring apparently wasn’t bad either. %%Spring
What is fast, loud and crunchy? A rocket chip.
Why did the PowerPoint presentation cross the road? To get to the other slide. %%Cross the road
How do you talk to a giant? Use big words.
Two kittens got into a big argument. It was a total cat-astrophe. %%Cat
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn’t like it.
I accidentally took out my Blockbuster card at the bar. The bouncer said never mind.
What did one wall say to the other wall? I’ll meet you at the corner.
What do you call two birds in love? Tweethearts
Why did the chick leave home? It was time to fly the coop. %%Easter
If you’re feeling depressed, try drinking a gallon of water before you go to sleep. It’ll give you a reason to get out of bed in the morning.
What do you get when Santa brings in the presents and a fire is burning? Crisp Kringle. %%Christmas
Why shouldn’t you trust trees? They seem shady.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? It was outstanding in its field.
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, Sorry we don’t serve food here.
Where do polar bears vote? The North Poll %%Animal %%Election
How do you invite Santa to a party? You request his presents. %%Christmas
I used to run a dating service for chickens, but I was struggling to make hens meet.
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue.
What is a pony with a sore throat called? A little hoarse.
What do you call a cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese! %%Food
Why don’t crabs give to charity? Because they’re shell-fish.
Why did the stadium get hot after the game? All of the fans left.
How much did Santa pay for his sleigh? Nothing. It was on the house. %%Christmas
What is a brainy snake’s favorite subject? Neurosssscience.
Where do pancakes rise? In the yeast.
How do nonbinary people hurt each other? They slash them. (They/them)
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot %%Pirate
What’s a turkey’s favorite dessert? Apple gobbler. %%Thanksgiving
My uncle named his dogs Rolex and Timex. They’re his watch dogs.
What do houses wear? An address.
What kind of sandals do frogs wear? Open-toad. %%Animal
Why did the phone wear glasses? Because it lost all its contacts.
What do you call a factory that sells decent products? A satisfactory.
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1.
What’s a writer’s favorite train station? Penn Station.
Why can’t your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
Can anyone tell me what oblivious means, because I have no idea.
Why is the letter "A" like a flower? A bee comes after it. %%Spring
What does everyone call Darth Vader whenever he procrastinates? Darth Later.
Why couldn’t the hamburger go into the bar? It didn’t serve food.
What did the police officer say to his belly-button? You’re under a vest!
What do you call a Ford Fiesta that ran out of fuel? The Ford Siesta.
What do you call an elephant that doesn’t matter? An irrelephant. %%Animal
Not to brag but I made six figures last year. I was also named worst employee at the toy factory.
What flower roars? A dandelion. %%Spring
I bought the world’s worst thesaurus yesterday. Not only is it terrible, it’s terrible.
You can’t spell par entry without try.
What do you call two ducks and a cow? Quackers and milk.
What is brown, hairy and wears sunglasses? A coconut on vacation. %%Beach
To the person who stole my diary and then died: My thoughts are with your family.
Why don’t ducks like reading directions? They prefer to wing it.
Why shouldn’t you enter into a contract with Wolverine? Because of his retractable clause.
It was easy to stop women from eating Tide Pods, but I couldn’t deter gents.
How do you invite Santa to a party? You request his presents. %%Christmas
What do you call a snowman party? A Snow Ball. %%Christmas
Why was the Incredible Hulk so good at gardening? He had a green thumb.
What makes trick-or-treating with twin witches so challenging? You never know which witch is which! %%Halloween
Did you hear they arrested the devil? Yeah, they got him on possession.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb.
I asked the IT guy, How do you make a Motherboard? He said, I tell her about my job.
What has one head, one foot, and four legs? A bed.
What did the T-Rex use to cut wood? A dino-saw.
Why’d the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut!
Why shouldn’t you argue with a dinosaur? You’ll get jurasskicked. %%Fathers Day
What building in your town has the most stories? The public library.
What do trees say when spring arrives? "What a re-leaf." %%Spring
I haven’t spoken to my wife in four years. I thought it would be rude to interrupt her!
How many narcissists does it take to screw in a light bulb? One. The narcissist holds the light bulb while the rest of the world revolves around him.
What’s the best way to watch a fly-fishing tournament? Live stream.
What do lazy farmers grow? Couch potatoes!
What did one plate say to the other plate? Dinner is on me.
Why didn’t the bicycle stand up? It was two tired.
What do you call a selfish pirate? Extremely arrrr-ogant %%Pirate
How did the puppies get across the lake? Doggie paddle.
I like telling Dad jokes…sometimes he laughs.
I have a joke about hunting for fossils, but you probably wouldn’t dig it.
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa.
Why did the pirate pull out of the stock market? He was in shark-invested waters! %%Pirate
Why was the football stadium cold? There were too many fans.
Did you hear about Rudolph’s rollercoaster ride? He held on for deer life. %%Christmas
Why is it a bad idea to eat a clock? Because it’s so time-consuming.
What’s Santa Claus’s favorite type of potato chip? Crisp Pringles. %%Christmas
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning.
Did you hear about the angry snowman? It had a meltdown. %%Christmas
My friend wants to become an archaeologist, but I’m trying to put him off. I’m convinced his life will be in ruins.
Why did the computer always play Someone Like You? It was a Dell.
Why are circles bad at telling stories? Because they are pointless.
What do dogs sing at Christmastime? “Bark, the Herald Angels Sing.” %%Christmas
Why did the cookie go to the hospital? He felt crumby.
What did the police officer say to his belly-button? You’re under a vest.
What’s a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries
What does Santa use to settle his stomach? Orna-mints. %%Christmas
Why are vampires bad at art? They are only able to draw blood. %%Halloween
What do you say to an octopus on Valentine’s Day?I want to hold your hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand, hand! %%Valentine’s Day
How much money is it to park Santa’s sleigh? Nothing. It’s on the house.
Did you hear about the aquatic sea mammals that escaped from the zoo? It was otter chaos.
Why did the pirate get lost? He wasn’t shore which way to go. %%Pirate
On Valentine’s Day, what did the calculator say to the pencil? You can count on me. %%Valentine’s Day
Stop looking for the perfect match…use a lighter.
I have a great joke about nepotism. But I’ll only tell it to my kids.
Why don’t phones ever go hungry? They have plenty of apps to choose from.
Why can’t the pirate learn the alphabet? Because he kept getting lost at C. %%Pirate
What kind of drink can be bitter and sweet? Reali-tea.
I can always predict what’s inside a Christmas present. It’s a gift. %%Christmas
What did the left eye say to the right? Something smells between us.
I had a clock for breakfast. It was super time-consuming.
Why did the mechanic have a bad fashion show? There was no time to change attire.
What do you think of that new diner on the moon? Food was good, but there really wasn’t much atmosphere.
Which vegetable does a pirate never eat? Leeks.
What did one furniture maker say to another during a tense discussion? Let’s table this.
What animal is always at a baseball game? A bat.
Why did the broom decide to go to bed? It was very sweepy!
Watch out, I’m about to go off the peep end. %%Easter
Why are pigs bad drivers? Because they hog the road.
What’s the best kind of bird to work for at a construction company? A crane.
I saw the Apple store get robbed…I guess that makes me an iWitness.
What did one snowman say to the other? You’re cool. %%Christmas
What do snowmen like to do on New Year’s Eve? Chill out! %%New Year
Why did the man get fired from the banana factory? He kept throwing away the bent ones.
Why is it bad to iron a four leaf clover? Because you should never press your luck.
They say New York City has the best New Year’s celebration, but I say it’s overrated. Every year they drop the ball. %%New Year
What do ducks use to fix things around the house? Duck tape.
Mount Rushmore is the only rock group that doesn’t sing or play musical instruments.
What’s a baby chick’s favorite pasta dish? Egg-plant parmesan. %%Spring
What did Santa do when his sleigh broke down? He got it mistle-toed. %%Christmas
What did the mountain climber name his son? – Cliff
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles. %%Animal
What do you call a turkey on the run? Fast food. %%Thanksgiving
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Hatch. Hatch who? Sorry you’ve got a cold on Thanksgiving! %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
I just read that someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard.
What do you call Santa when he’s on a break? A Santa pause. %%Christmas
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to go spreading it!
What has six legs, four eyes, two heads, and a tail? A man sitting on a donkey.
Why did the pony ask for a glass of water? Because it was a little horse. %%Animal
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course! Buildings can’t jump, silly.
I can tolerate algebra, maybe even a little calculus, but geometry is where I draw the line.
If a squirrel seems to like you, you must be a bit nutty.
Did you hear about the cloud that tried catching some fog? It mist. %%Spring
You’re one funny chick. %%Easter
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota.
The pony couldn’t sing because it was a little horse.
Spring is here and I got so excited I wet my plants.
I was out on a walk when I saw a sign that said, Man wanted for robbery. So I went in and applied for the job.
Where did the cat go after losing its tail? The retail store. %%Animal
If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled?
I wanted to buy a pair of camouflage pants, but I couldn’t find any.
What do you call a donkey with only three legs? A wonkey.
How did the skeleton know it was going to rain on Halloween? He felt it in his bones. %%Halloween
Teacher: There are two words I don’t allow in my class. One is gross, and the other is cool. Johnny: So, what are the words?
I was going to tell a joke about water, but it was too tasteless.
Until then, penguin %%Goodbye
What did one oar say to another? Can I interest you in a little row-mance? %%Valentine’s Day
If athletes get athlete’s foot, what do astronauts get? Missile toe.
What do you call someone afraid of Santa? A Claus-trophic. %%Christmas
What is a cat’s favorite song? “Three Blind Mice.” %%Cat
Did you hear about the anxious snowman? He needed to chill out. %%Christmas
What do you call an iPhone with no sense of humor? Too Siri-ous.
Why should you never use a dull pencil? Because it’s pointless.
What do you get when dinosaurs crash their cars? Tyrannosaurus wrecks.
What happens when winter arrives early? Autumn leaves. %%Thanksgiving
My kid is blaming me for ruining their birthday. That’s ridiculous, I didn’t even know it was today!
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Mary. Mary who? Mary Christmas. %%Christmas
Every night, I have hard time remembering something, but then it dawns on me.
What do you call a guy with a rubber toe? Roberto.
What did the bird say when he forgot to revise for his test? I’ll just wing it.
Where does santa keep all his money? At the snow bank. %%Christmas
What did the magnet say to the paperclip? I find you very attractive. %%Valentine’s Day
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
Yesterday, I was washing the car with my son. He said, Dad, can’t you just use a sponge?
Did you hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road. %%Summer
Today I decided to go visit my childhood home. I asked the residents if I could come inside because I was feeling nostalgic, but they refused and slammed the door on my face. My parents are the worst.
What is a baby camel’s favorite nursery rhyme? Hump-ty Dumpty.
A guy goes to his doctor because he can see into the future. The doctor asks him, How long have you suffered from that condition? The guy tells him, Since next Monday.
What’s the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus!
What did one elevator say to the other elevator? I think I’m coming down with something.
We set sail on the high seas at the kraken of dawn.
If it’s raining cats and dogs, make sure you don’t step in a poodle!
Why did Santa go to the podiatrist? He had mistletoes. %%Christmas
What do donkeys send out near Christmas? Mule-tide greetings.
Why was the groundhog afraid of 7? Because 7, 8, 9! %%Groundhog Day
What’s a Pilgrim’s favorite dance? The Turkey Trot. %%Thanksgiving
Why is cold water so insecure? Because it’s never called hot.
Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can’t jump.
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming.
I have a joke about paper, but it’s tearable.
Why was the phone’s camera blurry? It had lost its contacts.
What’s a sheep’s favorite Christmas song? Fleece Navidad. %%Christmas
What did one spring flower say to the other? Be-leaf in yourself. %%Spring
What type of coordination was Whitney Houston most famous for? Hand eeeeyeeeeee!
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe!
What do you call a dinosaur with an extensive vocabulary? A thesaurus.
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
What did one cat say to the other? How do you like meow? %%Cat
What happened when the blue ship and the red ship collided at sea? Their crews were marooned.
Corned beef and cabbage walk into a diner. The host says, "Sorry, we don’t serve dinner here." %%St. Patrick’s day
Someone complimented my parking today. They left a sweet note on my windshield that said parking fine.
What do baseball teams and pancakes have in common? They both need a good batter. %%Spring
What kind of cats teach college classes? Purr-fessors. %%Cat
What do you call a boomerang that doesn’t come back? A stick.
Why did the coffee go to the police? To report a mugging!
What’s Forrest Gump’s email password? 1Forrest1
Why did the woman start making breakfast at 11:59 p.m. on December 31? She wanted a New Year’s toast. %%New Year
Did you hear about the turkey fight? He got the stuffing knocked out of him. %%Thanksgiving
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Yule. Yule who? Yule be sorry if Punxsutawney Phil sees his shadow. %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock
What did one volcano say to the other? I lava you.
Which food tells the cheesiest jokes? Pizza.
How did the dad prank his daughter using fake dog poop on April Fools Day? He told her to look out for her new sham-poo in the shower.
Scientists have discovered what is believed to be the world’s largest bedsheet. More on this story as it unfolds.
What do you call a bear that is missing his ears? B.
What did one cannibal say to the other while they were eating a clown? Does this taste funny to you?
You put a hop in my step. %%Easter
Do you know the story about the chicken that crossed the border? Me neither, I couldn’t follow it.
Why did Santa go to the liquor store? He was looking for holiday spirits. %%Christmas
Why do candles always go on the top of cakes? Because it’s hard to light them from the bottom. %%Birthday
Why did the girl toss a clock out the window? She wanted to see time fly.
How do mice floss their teeth? With string cheese. %%Cat
I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind.
Who is Santa’s least favorite reindeer? Rude-olph. %%Christmas
Two pickles fell out of a jar onto the floor. What did one say to the other? Dill with it. %%Food
Where do pirates buy hooks? The second hand store.
What do you call an unpredictable camera? A loose Canon.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Norma Lee. Norma Lee? Norma Lee we have ham on Christmas. %%Christmas
Where does the Easter Bunny get his eggs? From egg plants, of course. %%Easter
Talk is cheap until you talk to a lawyer.
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools!
What did the apple say to the kangaroo? Nothing. Apples can’t talk.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Gladys. Gladys who? Gladys finally Christmas. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
What do you call a potato wearing glasses? A spec-tater. %%Food
How do leaves get to Thanksgiving dinner? By autumn-mobile. %%Thanksgiving
I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it’s more of a wrap.
Did you hear about the shepherd who drove his sheep through town and was given a ticket for making a ewe turn?
Why does the person who runs Times Square feel like a failure? He always drops the ball. %%New Year
What kind of key doesn’t open a door? A tur-key. %%Thanksgiving
A rancher had only had 48 cows on his property, but when he rounded them up he had 50.
What happens when you go to the bathroom in France? European.
Who keeps the ocean floor clean? Mer-maids.
I was wondering why this frisbee kept looking bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
What do you get when you cross a Smurf and a cow? Blue cheese.
Why did the grandpa throw a clock out the window? He wanted to see time fly. %%Fathers Day
I got a hen to regularly count her own eggs. She’s a real mathamachicken.
What’s the Easter Bunny’s favorite music genre? Hip-hop.
Where is a fruit’s favorite place to go on vacation? Pear-is!
Why do cats make good comedians? They’re hiss-terical. %%Cat
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Avery. Avery who? Avery Merry Christmas to you! %%Knock knock %%Christmas
A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, What do you want? The man says, Oh, just some fruit punch. The bartender sighs and shakes his head, If you want punch, you’re gonna have to wait in line. The man looks around, but there is no punchline.
Hey there, hop stuff! %%Easter
I invented a new word today: Plagiarism.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it’s a little cheesy.
Did you know that the first french fries weren’t cooked in France? They were cooked in Greece.
If the early bird gets the worm, I’ll sleep in until there’s pancakes.
How do you keep a bagel from running away? Put lox on it.
What do you call a group of chickens playing hide and seek? Fowl play.
Why did the robin go to the doctor? It needed tweetment. %%Spring
Why didn’t the vampire attack Taylor Swift? She had bad blood.
What’s blue and covered in feathers? A turkey holding its breath. %%Thanksgiving
My dad bought a pair of camouflage pants. Now I can’t find him. %%Fathers Day
What is the tallest building in the world? The library—it’s got the most stories.
Why do Christmas sweaters hang out together? Because they’re close-knit. %%Christmas
Some people think prison is one word, but to robbers, it’s the whole sentence.
Why shouldn’t you trust snowmen? They’re always up to snow good. %%Christmas
How did the chemist feel about oxygen and potassium hanging out? OK.
I thought about going on an all-almond diet but that’s just nuts.
I have an inferiority complex, but it’s not a very good one.
My grief counselor died the other day. He was so good at his job, I don’t even care.
Why was the baby strawberry crying? Because her mom and dad were in a jam. %%Food
What time do ducks wake up? At the quack of dawn.
What does the Easter Bunny use to style his fur? A hare dryer. %%Easter
Why does it take pirates so long to learn the alphabet? Because they can spend years at C. %%Pirate
How many fools does it take to change a lightbulb? Four. One to hold the bulb and three to turn the chair. %%April Fools
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines. But catscan.
What’s the most patriotic sport? Flag football.
I’ll call you later. Don’t call me later, call me Dad!
I was really angry at my friend Mark for stealing my dictionary. I told him, Mark, my words.
Why are shrimp bad at sharing? They are shellfish.
What’s red, white, and blue at Christmas? A sad candy cane. %%Christmas
Why was the rabbit happy? Because somebunny loved him! %%Valentine’s Day
How do you protect a bagel? Lox it up!
What do you call a moose with no name? Anonymoose. %%Food
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything.
What did Yoda say when he saw himself in 4K? HDMI.
What’s a pirate’s favorite school subject? Arrrrrr-t %%Pirate
Why is Santa scared of chimneys? Because he’s claus-trophobic. %%Christmas
Want some Easter advice? Don’t put all your eggs in one basket. %%Easter
What do cats prefer to eat when they go out to dinner? Paw-sta. %%Cat
Why did the leprechaun quit his job? He kept getting short-changed. %%St. Patrick’s day
Lawyers really take the fun out of everything. Even Santa comes with a Clause. %%Christmas
Did you hear about the racing snail who got rid of his shell? He thought it would make him faster, but it just made him sluggish.
Why did the kids cross the playground? To get to the other slides. %%Cross the road
What does a pampered cow produce? Spoiled milk.
I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X.
What computer is a singer? A Dell.
I don’t trust stairs because they’re always up to something.
Why did the groundhog donate so much to charity? He was Phil-anthropic. %%Groundhog Day
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions.
My hotel tried to charge me ten dollars extra for air conditioning. That wasn’t cool.
Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet.
My landlord told me we need to talk about the heating bill. Sure, I said. My door is always open.
When did they find water on the moon? When it was waning!
Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing!
My resolution for 2024 is to buy Bitcoin in 2011. %%New Year
How do you keep a fool in suspense? I’ll tell you the answer tomorrow. %%April Fools
Why did the snake cross the road? To get to the other ssside. %%Animal %%Cross the road
What does the Easter Bunny say when he gets home from work? "Hello, anybunny home?" %%Easter
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space.
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable.
Why did the baseball player get arrested? Because he stole second base.
I sold our vacuum cleaner because it was just gathering dust.
What do you call Santa’s helpers? Subordinate Clauses. %%Christmas
What did the zero say to the eight? That belt looks good on you.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents!
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they play golf? In case they get a hole in one.
Where do you buy a Christmas gift for your pig? Hamazon %%Christmas
What do dogs and phones have in common? Both have collar ID.
What did one snowman say to the other? Did you pick your nose? %%Christmas
Why did the frog take the bus to work? His car got toad.
What has more letters than the alphabet? The post office. %%Fathers Day
My New Year’s resolution was to stay out of shape. Maybe I won’t stick to this one either. %%New Year
How did the man like to watch fishing tournaments? Live stream.
What did the mama cow say to the baby cow? It’s pasture bed time. %%Animal
Why do reindeer wear bells? Their horns don’t work. %%Christmas
What sits on the seabed and has anxiety? A nervous wreck. %%Summer
What’s orange and sounds just like a parrot? A carrot.
What does a panda ghost eat? Bam-boo! %%Halloween
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator.
Today, my son asked, Can I have a bookmark? I burst into tears—11 years old and he still doesn’t know my name is Brian.
What do you call it when a lawyer takes a test early in the morning? A breakfast bar.
Where do snowmen keep their money? In snowbanks. %%Christmas
What is a witch’s favorite makeup? Ma-scare-a.
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them!
When is a door not a door? When it’s ajar. %%Fathers Day
What bone will a dog never eat? A trombone.
What is a brain’s favorite kind of boat? A cranial blood vessell.
What type of tree can fit in your hand? Palm tree.
What’s a duck’s favorite taco topping? Quackamole! %%Cinco De Mayo
I have a joke about inferiority complexes, but it’s not very good.
What type of shape is most popular on Valentine’s Day? Acute triangle. %%Valentine’s Day
What’s a sea monster’s favorite lunch? Fish and ships.
Okee Dokee Artichokee %%Goodbye
Aye-ll have my own ship schooner or later.
How do astronauts organize a trip? They planet.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little whine.
The dry-erase board is the most remarkable invention.
Do mascara and lipstick ever argue? Sure, but then they makeup.
What does a cow read every day? The moos-paper.
Have you ever been camping? It’s in tents. %%Summer
What did the big flower say to the little flower? Hi, bud!
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids… I’m a faux pa.
What do Santa’s elves listen to as they work? Wrap music.
Why does Santa use GPS? He doesn’t want to be a lost Claus. %%Christmas
6:30 is hands down the best time on the clock.
I wanted to wish you a happy Easter, but was feeling a little chicken. %%Easter
Did you hear about funny chicken? It was a real comedi-hen. %%Easter
I’d avoid the sushi if I were you. It’s a little fishy!
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef!
How did the Easter Bunny get his job? He had egg-sperience. %%Easter
What’s the difference between the Christmas alphabet and the ordinary alphabet? The Christmas alphabet has No-el. %%Christmas
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
I don’t trust stairs. They are always up to something.
Today my son asked me, Can I have a bookmark? I burst into tears — he’s 12 years old and still doesn’t know my name!
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison!
What’s a ninja’s favorite type of shoes? Sneakers!
It’s inappropriate to make a dad joke if you’re not a dad. It’s a faux pa.
Why did the employee get fired from the keyboard factory? He wasn’t putting in enough shifts.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Annette. Annette who? Annette is one way to catch a groundhog. %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock
Why did the envelope take so long to get ready? It had to get addressed.
Why didn’t the egg come out of its room on Easter? It was a little chicken. %%Easter
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
Did you hear about the teenager who failed his driving test? He thought it was a crash course.
What do you call spiders who just got married? Newly-webs.
Why is corn so popular on Thanksgiving? Because it’s a-maize-ing. %%Thanksgiving
What comes once in a minute, twice in a moment but never in a thousand years? The letter M.
What has more letters than the alphabet? The post office!
Where was the dripping coming from in the fridge? The leeks.
I have a joke about cows, but I don’t want to milk it.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing. It just waved. %%Beach
A joke becomes a dad joke once it is apparent.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
What do you call an angry carrot? A steamed veggie. %%Food
When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime.
How does a man on the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it.
Why did nobody want to play cards with the pirate? Because he was standing on the deck.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef. %%Animal
Why are peppers the best at archery? Because they habanero!
Where do pirates go for a drink? The sandbar %%Pirate
Where do young trees learn math? Elementree school.
Why did the family sell their vacuum cleaner? It was collecting dust.
I’m starting a new dating service in Prague called Czech-Mate.
Did you hear about the king who was exactly 12 inches tall? He was a great ruler!
My doctor told me I was going deaf. The news was hard for me to hear.
Why do Christmas trees like the past so much? Because the present’s beneath them. %%Christmas
How do polar bears catch food? With their bear hands.
What do you call it when a group of apes starts a company? Monkey business.
What awards do dentists receive? Plaques.
What do you call an obnoxious reindeer? Rude-olph. %%Christmas
What’s the cheapest fashion? Freestyle.
Why can’t you send a duck to space? Because the bill would be astronomical!
What kind of underwear do lawyers wear? Briefs!
What did the husband say to his wife right after getting LASIK surgery? Aren’t you a sight for sore eyes?
What do you call an angry musician flipping someone off? A song bird.
Why did 2023 go by in a blur? My resolution must’ve been too low. %%New Year
How do cows learn about current events? They read the moo-spaper.
Did you hear about Rudolph’s rollercoaster ride? He held on for deer life. %%Christmas
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans.
Why didn’t the chef season the turkey? There wasn’t enough thyme. %%Thanksgiving
What did the director of the desert movie say? Lights, camel-ra, action!
What do you call a cat that’s always telling on you? A tattle tail. %%Cat
Why do pancakes always win at baseball? They have the best batter.
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They might crack up.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Justin. Justin who? Justin time for dessert. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
What’s the difference between a crocodile and an alligator? You will see one in a while and one later.
Why did the turkey become a percussionist? It already had the drumsticks. %%Thanksgiving
Why did the brain visit a psychiatrist? Because it had a mental block.
Why did the cookie go to the hospital? Because he felt crummy. %%Food
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing, it just let out a little wine.
My dog used to chase people on a scooter a lot. It got so bad we had to take his scooter away.
Where do werewolves store all of their Halloween candy? In a werehouse. %%Halloween
How did the pirate get his ship for so cheap? It was on sail.
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It’s tearable.
What do leprechauns call Kris Kringle? Sant O’ Claus. %%St. Patrick’s day
How do witches play loud music? On their broom boxes.
I needed a password eight characters long, so I picked Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs.
What do you call Chewbacca when he has chocolate stuck in his fir? A chocolate chip Wookie.
Anyone looking to buy a Delorean? Good shape, good mileage. Only driven from time to time
Why did the Easter Bunny take a nap? He was eggs-hausted. %%Easter
My friend says to me, What rhymes with orange? And I told him, No it doesn’t.
When the grocery store checker asks me if I want my milk in a bag, I say no, I’d rather keep it in the carton.
I wondered why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
I have a clean conscious—it’s never been used.
What do you call a dad who falls through the ice? A pop-sicle. %%Fathers Day
What’s the name of my cheese? Nacho cheese.
Why did the movies come out 4, 5, 6, 1, 2, 3? In charge of scheduling, Yoda was.
Why is everyone so tired on April 1? They just finished a 31-day march. %%Spring
I finally watched that documentary on clocks. It was about time.
How did Vikings communicate with one another? By Norse code.
What do you call a ghost’s true love? Their ghoul-friend. %%Valentine’s Day
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Orange. Orange who? Orange you going to pass the gravy? %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
What’s a lawyer’s favorite drink? Subpoena colada.
I just gave my too weak notice at the gym.
What does Santa eat for breakfast? Mistle-toast. %%Christmas
Mom asked me to put ketchup on the grocery list, and now I can’t read what else is on it.
I’ve been thinking about taking up meditation. I figure it’s better than sitting around doing nothing.
What type of bear is toothless? A gummy bear.
Where do brains go on vacation? Braintree, MA.
Did you hear about the sunflower that was excited for summer? It wet its plants. %%Summer
Can February March? No, but April May!
I’m so good at napping that I can do it in my sleep!
Why are pigs so bad at sports? Because they always hog the ball.
What do you call a frozen camel? Lost.
What do you call a tiger that likes pickles? A sour puss. %%Cat
Why did the captain wear a suit and tie? He had a cor-pirate meeting. %%Pirate
How do you hire a turkey? Put it on a ladder. %%Thanksgiving
How do Eskimos fix broken dishes? With igloo. %%Fathers Day
The ghost told me he’d bring the boos to the party tonight. %%Halloween
How do you get an astronaut’s baby to stop crying? You rocket.
I invented a pencil with an eraser on each end. There’s no point to it.
What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna one, Anna two…
What is brown and stick? a branch
What did the Christmas tree say to the ornament? Wanna hang out? %%Christmas
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back.
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles. %%Animal
My father spilled invisible ink all over himself. He’s at the hospital waiting to be seen. %%Fathers Day
What does a buffalo say goodbye to his son? Bison.
To the person stole my laptop with my copy of Microsoft Office on it: I will find you. You have my Word!
Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired!
I had a date last night. It was perfect. Tomorrow, I’ll try a grape.
My wife asked me to stop singing Wonderwall to her. I said Maybe...
What do you call a shoe made of a banana? A slipper.
What kind of car does Frankenstein drive on Halloween night? A monster truck. %%Halloween
A kid decided to burn his house down. His dad watched, tears in his eyes. He put his arm around the mom and said, That’s arson.
What do lions use to look at their manes? Mirroars.
How can you tell a Dogwood tree apart from other trees? By its bark.
What did one of Santa’s helpers say to the other? Let’s take an elfie. %%Christmas
What breed of dog can jump higher than a skyscraper? Any breed of dog! Skyscrapers can’t jump.
How do you get a mouse to smile? Say cheese.
What do you give your Valentine in France? A big quiche. %%Valentine’s Day
A man is washing his car with his son. The son asks, Can’t you just use a sponge?
What do you call a polar bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
How can you tell if a snowman doesn’t like you? He gives you the cold shoulder. %%Christmas
Which of Santa’s reindeer has bad manners? Rude-olph. %%Christmas
What do you call a kangaroo’s lazy joey? A pouch potato.
What do you get if you cross an angry sheep with a moody cow? An animal that’s in a baaaaaaaaad moooooooood.
Did you hear about the power outlet who got into a fight with a power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
Why was the cow such a heartthrob on the farm? He was a s-moo-th talker.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Ken. Ken who? Ken you help me decorate the Christmas tree? %%Knock knock %%Christmas
I’m always getting sick during the week. I think I have a weekend immune system.
What animal should you never trust to tell the truth? A lion.
What’s the scariest thing about the holidays? The ghost of Christmas presents. %%Christmas
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
What kind of scientists avoid the sun? Paleontologists. %%Summer
Where do burgers go dancing? At the meatball.
Did you know milk is the fastest liquid on earth? It’s pasteurized before you even see it.
Why won’t Apple start making cars? They wouldn’t support windows.
What would you call a polar bear that loves to lie about in the sun? A solar bear.
Why does it take pirates so long to learn the alphabet? Because they can spend years at C.
Why did the old man fall into the well? Because he couldn’t see that well.
Why did the Easter egg see a therapist? It was having an egg-sistential crisis. %%Easter
How does the groundhog know when to look for his shadow? They tell him to gopher it. %%Groundhog Day
It’s easy to convince ladies not to eat Tide Pods, but harder to deter gents.
Why didn’t the sun go to college? It already had a million degrees.
Why did the little girl hit her birthday cake with a hammer? It was a pound cake. %%Birthday
What animal is the worst at hide-and-seek? A leopard because he’s always spotted.
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the work closet? Supplies!
Why are Pilgrims’ pants always falling down? Because they wear their buckles on their hats. %%Thanksgiving
Why do fish live in salt water? Because pepper makes them sneeze. %%Animal
What should you expect at the end of Christmas Day? The letter Y. %%Christmas
What did the earthquake say when it was done? Sorry, my fault!
How do you know that a polar bear is happy? It gives a seal of approval.
What’s a pirate’s favorite letter? You’d think it’s the R, but it’s really the C. %%Pirate
I have a really funny joke about trickle-down economics, but there’s no use in telling it because 99% of you will never get it.
I had to sell my vacuum cleaner. All it was doing was gathering dust.
What kind of cleaning product feels a lot of motivation in life? All-purpose.
What do they call snowmen in Hawaii? Water. %%Christmas
My dad really loves math. And then sum. %%Fathers Day
I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now.
Police arrested a bottle of water because it was wanted in three different states: solid, liquid, and gas.
What’s a mummy’s favorite type of music? Wrap. %%Halloween
To the person who stole my dictionary: I have no words.
Why did the picture go to jail? He was framed.
Chick this out! %%Easter
What’s the best way to catch a catfish? Have someone throw it to you. %%Cat
How can you tell if a chicken’s the boss? There’s a pecking order. %%Easter
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they golfing? In case they get a hole in one!
How do you hire a leprechaun for St. Patrick’s Day? Put him on a ladder. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why can’t a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot.
I just got my doctor’s test results and I’m really upset. Turns out, I’m not gonna be a doctor.
What did the shovel say to the sand? I really dig you!
What do you tell someone you didn’t see on New Year’s Eve? I haven’t seen you for a year! %%New Year
What do snowmen eat for breakfast? Frosted flakes. %%Christmas
How do you wish a dog Merry Christmas? Feliz Navi-dog. %%Christmas
How did the leprechaun get to the moon? On a sham-rocket. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling. %%Animal
What do you call a fancy seafood meal? So-fish-ticated.
Did you hear about the cat that ate a bad sausage? It was the wurst. %%Cat
Why did the man run around the bed? He was trying to catch up on his sleep.
What nationality is Santa Claus? North Polish. %%Christmas
I don’t trust stairs. They’re always up to something.
At the job interview, they asked me, Where do you see yourself in five years? I told him, I think we’ll still be using mirrors in five years.
How did the zombie become great at trick or treating? Dead-ication. %%Halloween
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates.
Where can you be sure to find gold on St. Patrick’s Day? In the dictionary. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why are cats always tired on April 1? Because they just finished a 31-day March. %%Cat
What fish has the most fans? Starfish.
How do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? You will see one later and one in a while.
Did you hear about the nurse who was chewed out by the doctor because she was absent without gauze?
Why couldn’t the couple respond right away when looking at wedding venues? They were engaged.
What sort of room has no windows or doors? A mushroom!
What did the painter say to her sweetheart? I love you with all my art. %%Valentine’s Day
Did you hear about the snowman prom? It was a snowball. %%Christmas
What did the one sheep say to the other? I love ewe! %Valentine’s Day
What did the commanding partner name her first son? Bill!
Why can’t you borrow money from elves? They’re always a little short. %%Fathers Day
What’s a pirate’s favorite camera brand? Cannon %%Pirate
Did you hear about the power outlet that got into a fight with a power cord? He thought he could socket to him.
What do you call a bigoted fashion designer? Clothes-minded.
What do you call a happy camper? A Jolly Rancher.
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion.
Do snow globes ever get scared? No, but occasionally they get shaken. %%Christmas
Why can’t penguins fly? They’re not tall enough to be pilots. %%Christmas
Give a man a plane ticket and he flies for the day. Push him out of the plane at 3,000 feet and he’ll fly for the rest of his life.
Why’d the pirate join the gym? To improve his booty %%Pirate
Does anybody know where a dad can find a person to talk to and hang out with? Asking for a friend.
What do you call a snowman that can walk? Snow-mobile. %%Christmas
Out the door dinosaur %%Goodbye
What kind of magazines do cows read? Cattlelogs!
What did the traffic light say to the car? Close your eyes, I’m changing!
What do you call a rude cow? Beef jerky.
Did you hear about the turkey who lost his left leg? He’s all right now. %%Thanksgiving
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies!
What did one leaf say to the other? I’m falling for you.
Why couldn’t the pony sing at the talent show? She was a little horse.
What’s the difference between a man’s wallet before and after kids? There are pictures where the money used to be.
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell.
Five out of four people admit they’re bad at fractions.
Christmas has me feeling extra Santa-mental. %%Christmas
What do you call a pirate who likes to skip school? Captain Hook-y! %%Pirate
My dad died because he couldn’t remember his blood type. He kept insisting we be positive, but it’s just so hard without him.
What do you call a pile of cats? A meow-tain.
Who hides in the bakery at Christmas? A mince spy. %%Christmas
Why was the rookie police officer assigned to hunt the cannibal? The more seasoned officers had already been eaten.
Not to brag, but I already have a date for New Year’s Eve—it’s December 31. %%New Year
What do you call a boomerang that won’t come back? A stick.
What is a sleeping brain’s favorite rock band? REM.
How do you make a witch scratch? By taking away the ‘w’.
Why do people wear shamrocks to celebrate St. Paddy’s? Because real rocks are too heavy. %%St. Patrick’s day
How do mice floss their teeth? With string cheese. %%Animal
What do reindeer use to communicate? The antlernet. %%Christmas
Why did the coach put the frog in the outfield? He’s really good at catching flies.
Two chicks went to a party. They had one shell of a time. %%Easter
What did the man say after the elephant got off of his brain? That’s a load off my mind.
Why didn’t Han Solo like his burger? It was too Chewie.
I know a bunch of good jokes about umbrellas, but they usually go over people’s heads.
We’re all just one, big hoppy family. %%Easter
I got fired from my job as a taxi driver. It turns out nobody thought I was fare.
I had a happy childhood. My dad used to put me in tires and roll me down hills. Those were Goodyears.
How much did the pirate pay for his peg and hook? An arm and a leg %%Pirate
What’s the best way to fix a broken pumpkin? Use a pumpkin patch. %%Thanksgiving
To the person who stole my power steering: I just can’t handle it.
What do you call a factory that makes OK products? A satisfactory.
Where do baby ghosts go during the day? To day-scare! %%Halloween
If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness?
I wish my gray hair started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.
Did you hear Bruce Springsteen changed the lyrics to one of his songs? What’s he going to change next—his hair? His clothes? His face?
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Water. Water who? Water you askin’ Santa for Christmas? %%Christmas
Wanna hear a joke about construction? I’m still workin’ on it!
What do you call a rude cow? Beef jerky. %%Fathers Day
Why don’t leopards play hide-and-go-seek? They’re always spotted. %%Cat
How do groundhogs approach wellness? Hole-istically. %%Groundhog Day
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies.
Whoever stole my depression medication — I hope you’re happy now.
I used to be addicted to the hokey pokey, but I turned myself around.
Where do newlywed horses stay after their wedding? In the bridle suite!
I’m reading a novel where the main character has strained the muscles around his spine. That’s his back story.
I told a joke about chemistry, but it didn’t get a reaction.
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a little more space.
I recently went to the World’s Tiniest Wind Turbine exhibit. Honestly, not a big fan.
What does a vegan pirate do in jail? St-arrrrr-ve. %%Pirate
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? Where’s popcorn?
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is! %%Fathers Day
What do you call a snitching scientist? A lab rat.
Can February March? No, but April May. %%Spring
Where can ye find a pirate who has lost his wooden legs? Right where ye left him! %%Pirate
A Vicks VapoRub truck overturned on the highway this morning. Amazingly, there was no congestion for eight hours.
Why do fathers take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing?In case they get a hole in one!
Why did the orange stop halfway across the road? It ran out of juice. %%Animal %%Cross the road
What do you call spaghetti in disguise? An impasta.
Why is no one friends with Dracula? He’s a pain in the neck.
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield. %%Food
Why did the turkey refuse to eat dinner? It was stuffed. %%Thanksgiving
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Gladys. Gladys who? Gladys finally Christmas. %%Christmas
What does a rainbow do when it gets a papercut? Yell, "Ow!" %%Spring
What does a bunny rabbit hang by the fireplace? Celery stalk-ings. %%Christmas
What would the Terminator be called in his retirement? The Exterminator.
What did one Christmas tree say to the other? I’m pining for you. %%Christmas
Where do books hide when they’re afraid? Under their covers.
How do you fix a broken tomato? With tomato paste. %%Animal
What do you call a stone that pretends to be Irish? A sham-rock. %%St. Patrick’s day
I’m reading a horror story in braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it.
Pirates show you affection by a kiss on the ships.
What did Mrs. Claus say to Santa when she looked up in the sky? Looks like rein, deer! %%Christmas
Last night I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg.
Can February March? No, but April May.
I spent a lot of time, money, and effort child-proofing my house… but the kids still got in.
What does a ghost mom say when she gets in the car? Fasten your sheet-belts. %%Halloween
Why don’t pirates take a bath before they walk the plank? They just wash up on shore.
What do you call a fish with no eye? A fsh.
How do you keep a skunk from smelling? Hold its nose!
Why did the kid bring a ladder to school? Because she wanted to go to high school.
Why did the Pilgrim go to the beach? She wanted to get a puri-tan. %%Thanksgiving
I think you’re ear-resistable.
What do you get when you cross a snowman with a vampire? Frostbite. %%Christmas
Why did the cookie go to the doctor? It was feeling crumby. %%Food
I have a joke about chemistry, but I don’t think it’ll get a reaction.
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed!
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet. I asked my eighteen brothers and sisters but they didn’t have any idea either.
Did you hear about the father who cut off his left leg? He’s all right now. %%Fathers Day
What did the alpaca say to his date? Want to go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.
Do snow globes ever get scared? No, just shaken. %%Christmas
Why do bananas wear sunscreen? Because they peel. %%Food
What board game is popular in Prague? Czechers.
What did Santa say to the comedian? You sleigh me. %%Christmas
Why are elevator jokes so good? They work on many levels!
What did Santa say on Christmas morning? That’s a wrap! %%Christmas
Where do pirates keep their valuables? In a jarrrrr %%Pirate
What do scholars eat when they’re hungry? Academia nuts.
What’s the difference between an African elephant and an Indian elephant? About 5,000 miles.
What did one Guinness say to the other? Ale good? %%St. Patrick’s day
What does Santa use to clean his sleigh? Comet. %%Christmas
Did you hear about the new corduroy pillowcases? They’re making headlines.
Why can’t you play board games in the jungle? Too many cheetahs. %%Cat
Why did the birds attack the dog? He was pure bread.
How does the rancher keep track of his cattle? With a cow-culator.
What do you get when you drop a pumpkin? Squash. %%Thanksgiving
Why did the belt go to jail? It held up a pair of pants. %%Fathers Day
What do you write in a slug’s Valentine’s Day card? Be my Valen-slime! %%Valentine’s Day
Why did the Christmas turkey form a band? It had the drumsticks! %%Christmas
Why are pirates always so healthy? They get such a good dose of vitamin sea. %%Pirate
Why didn’t the ammo leave the pirate’s gun? It got stuck in the barrel. %%Pirate
I went to buy some camouflage pants, but I couldn’t find any.
Why did the woman wear one boot and one shoe? She heard there was a 50-percent chance of snow. %%Christmas
Why are leprechauns always getting in trouble? They have no elf control. %%St. Patrick’s day
What’s a horse’s favorite sport? Stable-tennis!
Which part of the body can you always count on? Your fingers.
Once I read a book about glue. I couldn’t put it down.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Ice cream. Ice cream who? Ice cream whenever I see a mosquito. %%Summer
Did you hear that laughing too loudly is illegal in Hawaii? They only permit a-low-ha.
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the orange!
My dad wanted to listen to music while we were fishing. So I put on something catchy. %%Fathers Day
I have a scary joke about math, but I’m 2² to say it.
Why did the watch go on vacation? To unwind.
Why did the kid cross the playground? To get to the other slide. %%Cross the road
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Arthur. Arthur who? Arthur any more presents? %%Christmas
My dentist appointment is at tooth hurt-y.
A college education now costs $100,000, but it produces three very proud people: the student, his mama, and his pauper.
What kind of music scares balloons? Pop music.
To the person who stole my glasses: I will find you. I have contacts.
The guy who stole my diary just died. My thoughts are with his family.
What do you call a duck that breaks into people’s houses? A robber ducky.
How are friends like four-leaf clovers? They’re hard to find and lucky to have. %%St. Patrick’s day
What animal is best at wrapping gifts? Velociraptor %%Christmas
Why was the robot so tired after his road trip? He had a hard drive.
What do you call a gossipy rabbit? A busy-bunny. %%Easter
Did you hear about the crustacean accused of promoting his own shellfish interests?
It’s Easter, hop to it! %%Easter
A man found a magic lamp with a genie that offered him three wishes. The man said, For my first wish, I’d like to be rich. Okay, Rich, said the genie. What would you like for your second wish?
Can a kangaroo jump higher than the Empire State Building? Of course! Buildings can’t jump.
What did the fisherman say to the magician? Pick a cod, any cod.
What rock group has four men that don’t sing? Mount Rushmore.
What do you call two spiders who just got married? Newly webs %%Halloween
Did you hear the one about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just needed a little space.
What kind of bagel travels on Thanksgiving? A plain bagel. %%Thanksgiving
Who is never hungry on Christmas Day? The turkey—it’s stuffed. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Snow. Snow who? Snow one’s better than you are! %%Knock knock %%Christmas
What state do ducks live in? Duckota.
Did the hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road.
How do birds learn how to fly? They wing it!
What do you call a boomerang that doesn’t come back? A stick!
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere!
What does a pampered cow give? Spoiled milk.
I was in a job interview the other day and they asked if I could perform under pressure. I said no, but I could perform Bohemian Rhapsody.
What do you call a reindeer with three eyes? Reiiindeer. %%Christmas
Why did the Easter Bunny visit the salon? To cover its gray hare. %%Easter
What’s Santa’s favorite snack? Crisp Pringles. %%Christmas
What do you call a bankrupt Santa? Saint Nickel-less. %%Christmas
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere! %%Animal
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? 10 tickles
If you donate a kidney, everybody loves you and you’re a total hero. But try donating five kidneys and suddenly everyone is yelling and the police get called.
What is a fancy fish called? So-fish-ticated.
My printer’s name is Bob Marley. Because it’s always jammin’.
What do you call a sleepwalking nun? – A roamin’ Catholic
Why don’t skeletons ever go trick-or-treating? Because they have no-body to go with. %%Halloween
What did the tree saying to the spring flowers? I’m rooting for you. %%Spring
Why did the elephant quit his job? He was working for peanuts.
How many DIY buffs does it take to change a light bulb? One, but it takes two weeks and four trips to the hardware store.
What kind of witch goes to the beach? A sandwich. %%Summer
What’s the best thing about Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus.
Where do fashionable ghosts buy their clothes? A boo-tique. %%Halloween
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Holly. Holly who? Holly-days are my favorite. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish.
I only seem to get sick on weekdays. I must have a weekend immune system.
What did the teacher say after he caught the kitten cheating? Don’t be a copycat. %%Cat
Why can’t a leopard hide? He’s always spotted.
How can you tell if your Irish jokes are funny? Everyone’s Dublin over in laughter. %%St. Patrick’s day
What do cats wear to bed? Paw-jamas. %%Cat
Why did the alcoholic pirate stop drinking? Because he’d rum out! %%Pirate
Why did the computer have no money left? Someone cleaned out its cache!
I used to fill my tires for free, but now it costs a dollar. I guess that’s the inflation everyone’s talking about.
What does Jeff Bezos do before he goes to sleep? He puts his PJ-Amazon.
What do you get when you cross poison ivy with a four-leaf clover? A rash of good luck. %%St. Patrick’s day
What does a baby computer call his father? Data.
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weak days.
Did you hear about the actor who broke his leg onstage? He’s still in the cast.
Within minutes, the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
My grandfather got fired from the keyboard factory. He wasn’t putting in enough shifts. %%Fathers Day
What did the scientist say to their sweetheart? You must be made out of oxygen and neon because you are the ONe %%Valentine’s Day
In America, using the metric system can get you in legal trouble.
What did one Christmas tree say to the other? You need to lighten up. %%Christmas
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? – Pointless
I was once a personal trainer, until I gave a too-weak notice.
What is a bear’s favorite kind of chocolate? – Cadbeary Eggs.
What sound does a witch’s car make? Broom broom! %%Halloween
Two sheep walk into a—baaaa.
I got my best friend a fridge for his birthday. I can’t wait to see his face light up when he opens it!
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday. %%Birthday
I went to the restaurant on the moon. The food was delicious, but there was no atmosphere.
Son: Dad, can I watch the TV? Dad: Sure, just don’t turn it on.
Why did the picture get arrested? It got framed.
Why do pirates love binge-watching shows? They get hooked. %%Pirate
Why does a husband lead a dog’s life? He comes in with muddy feet, gets comfortable by the fire, and waits to be fed.
My son’s fourth birthday was today. When he came to see me, I didn’t recognize him at first. I had never seen him be four.
What do Gungans keep things in? Jar Jars.
How did the farmer fix his torn overalls? With a cabbage patch.
What do Santa’s elves learn in Kindergarten? The elphabet.
Why was the pirate sad when his parrot left? It gave him the cold shoulder! %%Pirate
What brand of syrup do groundhogs use on pancakes? Hog Cabin. %%Groundhog Day
What is the least spoken language in the world? Sign language.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? A fsh.
What’s big and jolly and says, Oh, oh, oh? Santa Claus walking backwards. %%Christmas
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it.
Why are fish so smart? Because they swim in schools. %%School
What are artichokes known for? Their hearts. %%Valentine’s Day
Why is pirating so addictive? They say once ye lose yer first hand, ye get hooked! %%Pirate
If an English teacher is convicted of a crime and doesn’t complete the sentence, is that a fragment?
What’s red and green and flies? A sleigh-sick Santa. %%Christmas
What do you call a penguin in the White House? Lost.
My friend couldn’t afford to pay his bill, so I sent him a Get Well Soon card.
Why do we paint Easter eggs? Because wallpapering them is impossible. %%Easter
Why do spiders know everything? They get their information from the Web.
How can you tell if a potato isn’t Irish? When it’s a French fry. %%St. Patrick’s day
What did the photon say when asked if she needed to check a bag? No thanks, I’m traveling light!
What’s a ghost’s favorite ride? A roller-ghoster. %%Halloween
What did the French groundhog see when he woke up? His château. %%Groundhog Day
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you!
Why did the snowman get a saxophone? He wanted to play cool jazz. %%Christmas
April showers bring May flowers, but what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
Why can’t you eat Wookie meat? Because it’s too chewy…
What did the lightbulb say to his girlfriend? I love you a watt.
Who says “Oh, oh, oh?” Santa Claus walking backward. %%Christmas
Why does a broken drum make a good Christmas present? It can’t be beat. %%Christmas
My New Year’s resolution is to procrastinate. I’ll start tomorrow. %%New Year
What do sprinters eat before a race? Nothing, they fast.
Why do Dads take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing? In case they get a hole-in-one.
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone? Yellow! %%Food
I have a joke about being an electrician, but it’s too shocking.
What vegetable is kind to everyone? The sweet potato.
I’d avoid the sushi if I were you — it’s a little fishy!
Why do camels blend in so well with their surroundings? They use camel-flage.
Why do snowmen live at the North Pole? Because it’s cool. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Noah. Noah who? Noah good pumpkin pie recipe? %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Why couldn’t the teacher couldn’t find anyone to help her with her gifts? No one was present. %%Christmas
Why do pumpkins sit on porches? They have no hands to knock on the door.
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday!
Why are snails bad at racing? They’re sluggish.
Sore throats are a pain in the neck.
Why didn’t the lady trust the stairs? She thought they were up to something.
What instrument can you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
What is corn’s favorite holiday? New Ears Eve. %%New Year
Good bye butterfly %%Goodbye
What’s a ghost’s favorite fruit? Boo-berries! %%Halloween
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling. %%Fathers Day
How does the Easter Bunny leave a movie theater? Through the eggs-it. %%Easter
What did the tortoise say on Valentine’s Day? I turt-ally love you. %%Valentine’s Day
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Alotta. Alotta who? Alotta sunshine is what you can expect in the summertime. %%Summer
Why are donkeys, monkeys, and turkeys similar? They all have keys!
What did one Christmas tree say to the other? I’m feelin’ pine. %%Christmas
In my free time, I like to help blind people. Verb, not adjective.
RIP boiled water—you will be mist.
What did the policeman say to his belly button? You’re under a vest.
I have a joke about immortality, and it never gets old.
Why was the coach yelling at a vending machine? He wanted his quarter back.
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it.
A steak pun is a rare medium done well.
How do trees get online? They just log on.
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh. %%Animal
Don’t worry, be hoppy. %%Easter
A man sued an airline company after it lost his luggage. Sadly, he lost his case.
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe.
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word!
What kind of business would Yoda start? A Toy Yoda dealership
What kind of sandals do frogs wear? Open-toad. %%Summer
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents.
Why does The Grinch enjoy gardening? He’s got a green thumb. %%Christmas
What can cause dry skin after being in a swimming pool? A towel. %%Summer
What’s a Christmas tree’s favorite candy? Orna-mints. %%Christmas
What do you call a locomotive carrying bubble gum? A chew chew train.
I tried wrapping gifts all by myself this year, but it’s not my gift. %%Christmas
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants to the course? In case he got a hole in one. %%Summer
How do celebrities keep cool? They have many fans.
What’s the difference between a wizard who raises the undead and a sexy vampire? One is a necromancer and the other is a neck romancer.
Why did Waldo go to therapy? Because he needed to find himself.
What did Santa say after returning to the North Pole? There’s snow place like home. %%Christmas
I’m reading an anti-gravity book. I can’t put it down!
Did you hear about the fire at the shoe factory? Unfortunately, many soles were lost.
What do you call a moose with no name? Anonymoose. %%Fathers Day
What do you call a line of dads waiting to get haircuts? The barberqueue!
What do you call a fancy fish? So-fish-ticated.
How do little pumpkins cross the road? With a crossing gourd. %%Thanksgiving %%Cross the road
What’s a cat’s favorite holiday song? Here Comes Santa Claws. %%Christmas
I slept like a log last night. Woke up in the fireplace.
Why don’t skeletons ever go trick-or-treating? Because they have no body to go with.
What did one monocle say to the other monocle? Let’s get together and make a spectacle of ourselves.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Dozen. Dozen who? Dozen anybody else want pie? %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
What did the calendar say after April Fools’ was declared a holiday? "Prank you, prank you very much." %%April Fools
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is.
Why did the beach get angry? Because it noticed the sea weed. %%Summer
Why don’t the other farm animals like playing basketball with pigs? They’re ball hogs.
Why did the banana go to the hospital? He wasn’t peeling well.
What is a groundhog’s favorite movie? "Holes." %%Groundhog Day
What do storm clouds wear under their pants? Thunderwear. %%Spring
I used to be a baker, but I couldn’t make enough dough.
What do you call someone who won’t stick to a diet? A desserter.
Which monster loves April Fool’s Day? Prank-enstein. %%April Fools
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Dewey. Dewey who? Dewey really have to wait six more weeks for spring? %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock
The child refused to nap. She was found guilty of resisting a rest.
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank.
What do you call a hippie’s wife? Mississippi!
I asked my wife if I was the only one she slept with. She said yes—the others were 7’s and 8’s.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot!
Knock, knock! Who’s there? S’more. S’more who? S’more jokes on the way. %%Summer
6:30 is my favorite time of day, hands down.
What did the Christmas tree say to the ornament? Wanna hang out? %%Christmas
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed.
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved.
What is a tornado’s favorite game to play? Twister.
I used to work in a shoe-recycling shop but it was sole destroying.
What did one snowman say to the other? I only have ice for you. %%Christmas
What do you call it when James Bond takes a bath? Bubble 07.
I tried to explain to my 4-year-old son that it’s perfectly normal to accidentally poop your pants. But he’s still making fun of me.
Did you hear about the bossy man at the bar? He ordered everyone around.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Yule. Yule who? Yule never know. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems. %%School
I was excited to hear Apple might start selling its own cars until I learned they wouldn’t support windows.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A tuna (two-knee) fish!
Son: Dad, have you seen my sunglasses? Dad: No, have you seen my dad glasses?
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere…
What do you call a group of bunnies hopping away from you? A receding hareline. %%April Fools
I asked my date to meet me at the gym but she never showed up. I guess the two of us aren’t going to work out.
Why did the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing.
What would you call a pirate with 4 eyes? An iiiirate. %%Pirate
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet.
What happens when ice cream gets angry? It has a meltdown. %%Summer
What do you call a snowman on the move? A snowmobile. %%Christmas
What did one Santa hat say to the other? You go on ahead. %%Christmas
Why was the hockey player gifted a new cap? He was known for his hat tricks.
What writing utensil does a boar use in class? A pig pen.
What do you get when you cross a turkey with a banjo? A turkey that can pluck itself. %%Thanksgiving
I don’t get why bakers aren’t wealthier. They make so much dough.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Annie. Annie who? Annie body want pumpkin pie? %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Cop: I’m arresting you for downloading the entire Wikipedia. Man: Wait! I can explain everything!
What do snowmen eat for breakfast on Christmas morning? Ice krispies! %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Holly. Holly who? Holly-days are the best time of year. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
What did the scarecrow wear to Thanksgiving? A har-vest. %%Thanksgiving
Why does Santa have an accountant? Because he’s elf-employed. %%Christmas
What do you call two witches trick or treating together? Broommates. %%Halloween
I got hit in the head with a can of Coke today. Don’t worry, I’m not hurt. It was a soft drink.
What rock group has four men who don’t sing? Mount Rushmore.
In fact, if you sneer at any other method of measuring liquids, you may be held in contempt of quart.
This morning, Siri said, Don’t call me Shirley. I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode.
Why do golfers always pack an extra pair of pants? In case they get a hole in one.
What did the pirate say when he left his wooden leg in the freezer? Shiver me timbers! %%Pirate
So long, ding Dong %%Goodbye
What do elves eat for lunch? Santa-wiches. %%Christmas
What’s your name, son? The principal asked his student. The kid replied, D-d-d-dav-dav-david, sir. Do you have a stutter? the principal asked. The student answered, No sir, my dad has a stutter but the guy who registered my name was a real jerk.
What kind of shoes does a lazy person wear? Loafers.
Who were the greenest Presidents in US history? The bushes.
You’re American when you go into a bathroom and when you come out, but what are you while you’re in the bathroom? European.
Mom texted me to say our Italian restaurant is out of pasta, and now we’re penneless.
I have a few jokes about retired people, but none of them work.
I hit in the head with a soda can. Thankfully it was a soft drink.
What do rabbits need after getting caught in the rain? A hare dryer.
How much money does a skunk have? Only one scent.
How many cooks do you need to stuff a turkey? Just one, but sometimes they don’t fit. %%Thanksgiving
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to spread it!
Why did the skeleton run away? Because a dog was after his bones. %%Halloween
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept.
What do you call a scheming elf? A lepra-con. %%St. Patrick’s day
What kind of vehicle does an egg drive? A Yolks-wagen.
I’ve got a great joke about construction, but I’m still working on it.
A couple of cups of yogurt walk into a country club. We don’t serve your kind here, the bartender says. Why not? one yogurt asks. We’re cultured.
Cooking out this weekend? Don’t forget the pickle. It’s kind of a big dill.
Knock, knock. Who’s there? Cows go. Cows go who? No, cows go moo!
Within minutes the detectives knew what the murder weapon was. It was a brief case.
What’s a vampire’s favorite ship? A blood vessel. %%Halloween
What’s ET short for? Because he’s only got tiny legs.
Why was Phil kicked off the Punxsutawney soccer team? For being a ball hog. %%Groundhog Day
How can you tell it’s a dogwood tree? From the bark.
What body of water is the most detail oriented? The Pacific.
I don’t play soccer because I enjoy the sport, I’m just doing it for kicks.
Why did the deer go to the dentist? It had buck teeth.
What time is it when the clock strikes 13? Time to get a new clock.
I was wondering why the baseball kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me.
What do you call a cow with two legs? Lean beef. %%Animal
What kind of coffee does a vampire drink? De-coffin-ated.
Does anybody know where a guy can find a person to hang out with, talk to, and enjoy spending time with? I’m just asking for a friend.
Did you hear that Santa lost his wallet? Now he’s St. Nickel-less. %%Christmas
What is the most popular time for a dentist appointment? Tooth hurty!
When does it rain money? When there is a change in the weather.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
Hasta manana, iguana %%Goodbye
Why do nurses always take the red crayons? They have to draw a lot of blood.
Where do walls meet after work? The corner.
Why can’t the pirates fire their weapons on Saturdays? They only cannon Sundays! %%Pirate
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon account? Prime mates.
I’m reading a horror story in Braille. Something bad is going to happen, I can just feel it.
Did you hear about the square that got into a car accident? Yeah, now he’s a rect-angle!
What do you call a newspaper column that gives advice about fashion? An article of clothing.
Why do nurses like red crayons? Sometimes they have to draw blood.
Did you hear about the cold dinner? It was chili. %%Food
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
What do you call your grandma’s number on speed dial? Instagram.
Did you hear about the 12-inch dog? It was a foot long.
Where do surfers learn to surf? At boarding school.
I know a lot of jokes about retired people but none of them work.
I’m reading a book about anti-gravity. It’s impossible to put down!
What do witches put on their bagels? Scream cheese.
Why did the nose feel sad? Because it was always getting picked on.
How do ghosts stay in shape? They exorcise.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? If they flew over the bay, they would be bagels.
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
My son asked me to put his shoes on, but I don’t think they’ll fit me.
Why did the leprechaun marriage end in divorce? One discovered the other was a gold digger. %%St. Patrick’s day
Where does a ghost go on vacation? Mali-boo. %%Halloween
Why is Santa so good at karate? He’s got a black belt. %%Christmas
Mountains aren’t just funny. They’re hill areas.
What animal is dishonest? A lion.
his Easter egg hunt is over-easy. %%Easter
I saw a guy at the bank checking his balance so I pushed him over. %%Fathers Day
What did the Dalmatian say after lunch? That hit the spot. %%Animal
My son has his BA and his MA, but his P­A still supports him.
What did the drummer call his twin daughters? Anna One, Anna Two!
Why should you date a goalie? She’s a keeper. %%Valentine’s Day
Why didn’t the melons get married? Because they cantaloupe.
Why did the duck fall on the sidewalk? He tripped on a quack. %%Animal
What do you call a can opener that doesn’t work? A can’t opener!
What did the zero say to the eight? Nice belt.
Why should you never trust a carp’s excuse? They always seem a little fishy.
What do pirates say when they’re cold? Shiver me timbers!
Why did Santa’s helper see a therapist? Because he had low elf-esteem. %%Christmas
What days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are week (weak) days!
Where do young trees go to learn? Elementree school %%School
Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems.
Air used to be free at the gas station, now it’s $1.50. Do you know why? Inflation.
What’s either a really gross animal issue OR an impressive, magical school? Hogwarts.
What is the easiest way to get a squirrel to like you? Act like a nut.
What do you call cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese.
What does a turkey dress up as on Halloween? A goblin. %%Halloween
Why are fish so easy to weigh? Because they have their own set of scales.
Did you hear about the bankrupt poet who ode everyone?
What is sweet and walks across a desert? A caramel.
What is Santa’s favorite place to deliver presents? Idaho-ho-ho. %%Christmas
Last night I had a dream I was a muffler. I woke up exhausted.
Did you hear about the man who fell into an upholstery machine? He’s fully recovered.
How do you know when a chicken is evil? It lays deviled eggs.
How do you make a water bed bouncier? Fill it with Poland Spring water.
How did the cell phone ask his girlfriend to marry him? He gave her a ring.
What do you call a pirate that skips class? Captain Hooky!
When do pirates get to eat cake? When they reach a dessert island. %%Pirate
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Avery. Avery who? Avery Merry Christmas to you! %%Christmas
What does a karate master get rewarded with while driving? A seat belt.
How do you know when a ghost is sad? He starts boo-hooing. %%Halloween
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa!
What did the tree say when spring finally arrived? What a re-leaf. %%Spring
Did you know your pupils are the last part to stop working when you die? They dilate.
I can’t eggs-press how excited I am for Easter! %%Easter
Why was 2019 afraid of 2020? Because they had a fight and 2021.
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business.
My wife asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it into the ocean.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Anita. Anita who? Anita nap, I ate too much. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison.
Where does Christmas come before Thanksgiving? In the dictionary. %%Christmas
What animals are the best to call if you get locked out of your house? Monkeys.
What does Santa Claus keep on his mantle? Nick-nacks. %%Christmas
Swords will never go obsolete. They’re cutting edge technology.
I tried to start a professional hide and seek team, but it didn’t work out. Turns out, good players are hard to find.
What do snowmen wear on their heads? Snow caps. %%Christmas
What kind of cereal do leprechauns eat? Lucky Charms.
Why did Santa throw a clock out the window? He wanted to see time fly. %%Christmas
How do cows stay up to date? They read the Moo-spaper.
What’s the best thing about living in Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus.
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island.
What cars do eggs drive? A Yolkswagen.
Why does Peter Pan always fly? He Neverlands.
Why do polar bears have thick coats? Fur protection.
Why does Santa use GPS? He doesn’t want to be a lost Claus. %%Christmas
How do potatoes cross the sea? On gravy boats. %%Thanksgiving %%Cross the road
St. Francis worked at Krispy Kreme. He was a deep friar.
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot. %%Animal
Which is the worst sport to play? Bad-minton.
Did you hear that I’m reading a book about anti-gravity? It’s impossible to put down.
My friend couldn’t pay his water bill, so I sent him a get well soon card
Where does Santa stop for coffee? Star-bucks. %%Christmas
Where do Christmas trees go to have fun? Tinseltown. %%Christmas
What did one snowman say to the other? Do you smell carrots? %%Christmas
What is the Easter bunny’s favorite type of music? Hip-hop.
Where do gingerbread men sleep? On cookie sheets. %%Christmas
Where do math teachers go on vacation? Times Square.
Ever since we started quarantining, I’ve only been telling inside jokes.
What do you call a hat for the brain? A thinking cap.
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I’ll be suing ya!
30 percent of pet owners let their pets sleep in their bed. I tried it and my goldfish died.
What do you call a hippie’s wife? Mississippi.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Never-lands. %%Fathers Day
Why is it annoying to watch TV with a groundhog? They hog the remote. %%Groundhog Day
How can the Easter Bunny afford to bring so many gifts? He’s a million-hare. %%Easter
How do trains eat? They choo-choo. %%Fathers Day
What did the cucumber say to the pickle? You mean a great dill to me. %%Valentine’s Day
What has a spine but no bones? A book.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products? A satisfactory.
Where do cows go on dates? The moo-vies. %%Fathers Day
Where do polar bears store their money? The snow bank.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know what comes first.
What piece on the playground is always exhausted? The tire swing.
What do you get when you cross a donkey and a zebra? Debra!
What do you call an Easter egg from another planet? An egg-stra terrestrial. %%Easter
What do you call a Frenchman in sandals? Philippe Philoppe.
I’ve been bored recently, so I decided to take up fencing. The neighbors keep demanding that I put it back.
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims.
Why shouldn’t you tell jokes to a leprechaun? Because they’re easily o’ffended. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why did the Brussels sprout cross the road? It saw a fork up ahead. %%Thanksgiving %%Cross the road
Mom is mad at me because she asked me to sync her phone, so I threw it in the ocean.
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Mary. Mary who? Mary Christmas. %%Knock knock %%Christmas
My wife said I was immature so I told her to get out of my fort.
Why is it bad to iron your four-leaf clover? Because you shouldn’t press your luck.
It’s painful to say this, but I have a bad sore throat.
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee. %%Animal
Where did Luke Skywalker buy his new arm? At the second hand store!
A guy walked into a bar and saw a horse serving drinks. The horse asks, What are you staring at? Haven’t you ever seen a horse tending bar before? The guy says, It’s not that. I just never thought the parrot would sell the place.
What did Santa say to the comedian? You sleigh me. %%Christmas
How do you measure the mass of an influencer’s following? By Instagrams!
I used to run a dating service for chickens but I was struggling to make hens meet.
Where would you find an elephant? The same place you lost her.
Does a green candle burn longer than a pink one? No, they both burn shorter. %%Birthday
How do Santa’s elves get to work? They drive minivans. %%Christmas
Inflation is really getting out of hand, but that’s just my five cents.
My girlfriend says it’s either her or my career as a news reporter. I have some breaking news for her.
What do you call a dinosaur that is sleeping? A dino-snore. %%Dinosaurs
Can a kangaroo jump higher than our house? Of course it can, a house can’t jump!
We all know about Murphy’s Law: Anything that can go wrong will go wrong. But have you heard of Cole’s Law? It’s thinly sliced cabbage.
What does Santa suffer from if he gets stuck in a chimney? Claustrophobia. %%Christmas
How much does Santa pay his reindeer? Eight bucks. %%Christmas
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? Because it got stuck in a crack. %%Cross the road
What does Santa eat for breakfast? Mistle-toast. %%Christmas
What makes a basketball court trendy and accessorized? The hoops.
Did you hear about the turkey prom? It was a Butterball. %%Thanksgiving
What did one chocolate bunny say to the other? You make me melt. %%Easter
What do you call a poor Santa Claus? St. Nickel-less. %%Christmas
Why did the pirate want to run a marathon? He was sure his legs wood work. %%Pirate
I hate my job—all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
How do you spell candy with just two letters? C and Y.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Snow. Snow who? Snow one’s better than you are! %%Christmas
Why did the snowman get detention? He was up to snow good. %%Christmas
Why don’t Christmas trees knit? They keeping dropping their needles. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Will. Will who? Will you tell me if it looks like I’m getting a tan? %%Summer
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Haven. Haven who? Haven’t you had enough Groundhog Day jokes yet? %%Groundhog Day
What kind of noise does a witch’s vehicle make? Brrrroooom, brrroooom.
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint!
Why did Rudolph get braces? Because he had buck teeth. %%Christmas
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They might crack up!
What did the calculator say to the pencil? You can count on me.
Did you hear about the guy who was afraid of hurdles? He got over it.
How does a penguin build his house? Igloos it together.
How much did the pirate pay for his peg and hook? An arm and a leg.
What’s a reindeer’s favorite game? Stable tennis. %%Christmas
I once was addicted to soap, but I’m all clean now.
What smells most on Christmas? Santa’s nose. %%Christmas
What is in a ghost’s nose? Boo-gers. %%Halloween
A witch’s vehicle goes brrroom brrroom!
The past, present, and future walked into a bar. It was tense.
What has five toes and isn’t your foot? My foot.
What does cake and baseball have in common? They both need a batter. %%Sports
Why shouldn’t you lend money to elves? They’re always short. %%Christmas
What kind of felines can bowl? Alley cats. %%Cat
How did the pirate get such a good price? He bought it on sail. %%Pirate
Happy Easter to ewe. %%Easter
What did Santa and Mrs. Claus name their daughter? Mary Christmas. %%Christmas
What kind of money do reindeer use? Bucks! %%Christmas
What did one of Santa’s helpers say to the other? Let’s take an elfie. %%Christmas
If the early bird catches the worm, call me a night owl because I prefer pancakes.
What do you call a sad cranberry? A blueberry. %%Thanksgiving
Why did the Irishman stop mining for gold? It didn’t pan out. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why did the bedding hide their relationship? They just wanted something pillow-key!
Which of Santa’s reindeer has bad manners? Rude-olph. %%Christmas
I used to play piano by ear, but now I use my hands.
My dad’s computer caught a cold. He must have left a window open. %%Fathers Day
How did the skeleton know that April showers were on the way? He could feel it in his bones. %%April Fools
Why did the Grinch go to the liquor store? He was searching for some holiday spirit. %%Christmas
I didn’t understand why the frisbee kept getting bigger. Then it hit me.
What’s a leprechaun’s favorite dessert? Paddy cake. %%St. Patrick’s day
What state is known for its tiny beverages? Minnesota!
Did you hear about the Thanksgiving engagement ring? It’s 24 carrots. %%Thanksgiving
What do you call a rabbit with fleas? – Bugs Bunny
What sound do porcupines make when they kiss? Ouch! %%Animal
Knock knock! Who’s there? Atlas! Atlas who? Atlas, it’s Valentine’s Day! %%Valentine’s Day
How do elves know how to make toys? They’re elf-taught. %%Christmas
Which bathroom appliance would be the worst life preserver? The sink.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? He Neverlands.
What did the dad say when his golden retriever was caught eating a hot dog? It’s a dog eat dog world out there.
The biggest reason to stay up until midnight on December 31 is to make sure 2023 leaves. %%New Year
What did the ocean say when Santa flew over? Nothing. It just waved. %%Christmas
How do pirates prefer to communicate? Aye to aye!
Why did two tall people get along so well? They could really see eye to eye.
Did you hear about the man who cut off his left leg? He’s all right now.
What did summer say to spring? "Help me, I’m about to fall." %%Spring
What is a lazy person’s favorite shoes to wear? Loafers.
What does a ghost say on January 1st? Happy Boo Year! %%New Year
Do you know how many people are dead at a cemetery? All of them.
What did the autumn leaf say to the tree? “I’m falling for you.” %%Thanksgiving
What has hands but can’t clap? A clock.
I just paid $100 for a belt that doesn’t fit — what a huge waist!
How do you tell the difference between a bull and a cow? It is either one or the utter.
I’m an expert at picking leaves and heating them in water. It’s my special tea.
I’m Buzz Aldrin, second man to step on the moon. Neil before me.
What did the reindeer say to Santa? Nothing. Reindeer can’t talk. %%Christmas
My daughter just shrieked at me, Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to a word I’ve said, have you? What an odd way to begin a conversation.
What is stuffing’s favorite song? “Hit Me, Baby, One More Thyme” %%Thanksgiving
That holiday sweater is so ugly, the word ugly filed a defamation suit against it. %%Christmas
What did Santa and Mrs. Claus name their daughter? Mary Christmas. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Dewey. Dewey who? Dewey have to sit at the kid’s table again? %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
Why do birds fly south for Christmas? It’s too far to walk. %%Christmas
A witch’s vehicle goes brrrroom brrrroom!
Why did the duck go to the chiropractor? To get it’s back quacked.
Where do pencils come from? Pennsylvania.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Madam. Madam who? Madam groundhog just predicted six more weeks of winter. %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock
Dad, did you get a haircut? No, I got them all cut.
What did the man with the broken leg tell his Valentine? I have a crutch on you. %%Valentine’s Day
I once made a snowman laugh so hard, he made yellow snow. %%Christmas
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella? Fo’ Drizzle.
I just invented a car that runs on herbs… I think I invented thyme travel. %%Fathers Day
Why was the kitten unpopular at school? It had a bad cat-titude. %%Cat
What do you call it when witches are optimistic about the future? Witchful thinking.
What kind of music do elves listen to? Wrap music. %%Christmas
RIP, boiling water. You will be mist.
What’s a crafty dancer’s favorite hobby? Cutting a rug.
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk!
What happened when Bluebeard fell overboard in the Red Sea? He got marooned. %%Pirate
What’s a computer’s favorite snack? Microchips!
Why do dads feel the need to tell such bad jokes? They just want to help you become a groan up.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I’m still working on it.
Where do you learn to make ice cream? Sundae school.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear.
Which is faster, hot or cold? Hot, because you can catch a cold.
What did the limestone say to the geologist? Don’t take me for granite.
Why are graveyards so noisy? Because of all the coffin! %%Halloween
Where do snowmen keep their money? In snowbanks. %%Christmas
Who gets all their movies for free? Pirates %%Pirate
What do you call Kenobi triplets? Obi-Threes.
16. What kind of flowers should you NOT give on Valentine’s Day Cauliflowers! %%Valentine’s Day
If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring? Pilgrims. %%Spring
Did you hear about the angry snowman? It had a meltdown. %%Christmas
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer.
Why do cows have bells? Because their horns don’t work.
Why did the baseball player get arrested? He stole third base. %%Summer
What do cats eat for breakfast? Mice Krispies. %%Cat
What falls in winter but never gets hurt? Snow.
What do witches in Australia ride? Broomerangs.
Why shouldn’t you trust a pastry chef on Valentine’s Day? Because he’ll dessert you. %%Valentine’s Day
I’m afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
I just found out I’m colorblind. The news came out of the purple!
What did one DNA molecule say to the other DNA molecule? How do these genes look on me?
What do you call 50 pigs and 50 deer? 100 sows and bucks.
How can you tell when a vampire is sick? He’s coffin a lot.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Gwen. Gwen who? Gwen is Thanksgiving dinner? I’m hungry! %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
What’s a moth’s favorite stroke? The butterfly.
My dad told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line.
How does a gingerbread man get around with a broken leg? He uses a candy cane. %%Christmas
What’s red and smells like blue paint? Red paint!
I didn’t want to believe that my dad was stealing from his job as a traffic cop, but when I got home, all the signs were there.
What do farmers grow on January 1? New Year’s Hay. %%New Year
Why doesn’t anyone want to be an Easter egg? Because they’re always dyeing. %%Easter
What did the cannibal choose as his last meal? Five Guys.
What did the cereal bring to the bank? Chex.
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck. %%Fathers Day
What’s the least spoken language? Sign language.
Did you hear about the ATM that got addicted to money? It suffered from withdrawals.
Knock, knock. Who’s there? A little old lady. A little old lady who? Hey, you can yodel!
What did the baby otter say to its dad? You are a dad like no otter. %%Fathers Day
How do cows shop? From cattle-logs.
The calendar’s days are numbered. I’ll start planning the funeral.
I had to get a neck brace last year and I haven’t looked back since.
If you feel like someone is watching you, you’re not alone.
How do pirates communicate? Aye to aye! %%Pirate
Youth is when you’re allowed to stay up late on New Year’s Eve. Middle age is when you’re forced to. Bill Vaughan %%New Year
What do you call a pig with no legs? A ground hog. %%Groundhog Day
What’s red and smells like blue paint? Red paint.
How do ghosts send letters? Through the ghost office. %%Halloween
Why does a seagull fly over the sea? Because if it flew over the bay, it would be a baygull. %%Beach
What does Rockin’ Robin do when she’s bored? Tweet.
Did you hear about the ice cream truck accident? It crashed on a rocky road.
What do you call Santa’s helpers? Subordinate Clauses. %%Christmas
What’s a chick’s favorite song? “Can’t Help Fowlin’ in Love.” %%Easter
Why do you need a jeweler on December 31? To ring in the New Year. %%New Year
I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there’s a salad dressing.
I’m addicted to collecting vintage Beatles albums. I need Help.
How is Christmas just like a day at the office? You do all the work and a guy in a suit gets all the credit. %%Christmas
Which U.S. state is famous for its extra-small soft drinks? Minnesota.
My kid wants to invent a pencil with an eraser on each end, but I just don’t see the point.
A slice of apple pie is $2.50 in Jamaica and $3.00 in the Bahamas. These are the pie rates of the Caribbean.
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway!
What’s a vampire’s favorite holiday? Fangs-giving. %%Thanksgiving
Why did the football coach go to the bank? He wanted to get his quarter back. %%Fathers Day
How did Benjamin Franklin feel when he discovered electricity? He was shocked!
How do you hire Santa Claus? Put him on a ladder. %%Christmas
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac?
What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it’s a little cheesy. %%Food
How many apples can you grow on a tree? All of them. %%Food
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
I don’t play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I’m just doing it for kicks! %%Sports
Why can’t you trust leprechauns? Because they’re elfish. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why was the broom late? It over-swept.
Why’d the alternate universe Spider-Man do so well on his driving test? He’s an excellent parallel Parker.
What’s Santa’s favorite candy? Jolly Ranchers. %%Christmas
Want to hear a potassium joke? K.
Why is a Christmas tree so bad at knitting? They have too many needles. %%Christmas
In 2017 I didn’t do a marathon. I didn’t do one in 2018, 2019, or 2020, either. This is a running joke.
Did you hear about the man brought in by the fashion police? They questioned him over his criminal ties.
What do you call two octopuses that look the same? Itenticle.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing. It just waved. %%Summer
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a fish? Swimming trunks.
What do you call cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese!
What’s a pirate’s favorite type of exercise? The plank! %%Pirate
How do leprechauns tell time? They use sham-clocks. %%St. Patrick’s day
Pirates are obsessed with being at sea. They’re aqua-holics.
Why did Dracula pass out on New Year’s Eve? There was a count down. %%New Year
Why do reindeer wear bells? Their horns don’t work. %%Christmas
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this
I used to have a fear of speed bumps, but I’m slowly getting over it.
What do reindeer hang on their Christmas trees? Horn-aments. %%Christmas
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Norma Lee. Norma Lee who? Norma Lee I don’t eat this much. %%Thanksgiving %%Knock knock
In a job interview, they asked me if I can perform under pressure. I told them I don’t know the lyrics.
I have a joke about time travel, but you guys didn’t get it.
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web.
Why are helium, curium, and barium the medical elements? Because if you can’t heal-ium or cure-ium, you bury-um.
Gotta go, buffalo %%Goodbye
I had a joke about canned juice, but I couldn’t concentrate.
What did the ghost say on January 1? Happy Boo Year %%New Year
When does a joke become a dad joke? When the punchline is apparent! %%Fathers Day
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
My wife said, You weren’t even listening, were you? And I thought, that’s a pretty weird way to start a conversation.
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner.
What do you give your parents for Christmas? A list of everything you want. %%Christmas
What kind of jewelry does the Easter Bunny wear? 14-carrot gold. %%Easter
I went to see the doctor about my blocked ear. Which ear is it? he asked. 2018, I replied.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Hike. Hike who? I didn’t know you wrote poetry. %%Summer
A ham sandwich walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender says, Sorry, we don’t serve food here.
Why don’t skeletons like Halloween candy? They don’t have the stomach for it. %%Halloween
A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking. Now settle down, the doctor calmly told him. You’ll just have to learn to be a little patient.
What do clouds do when they become rich? They make it rain!
Why do nurses like red crayons? Because sometimes they have to draw blood.
Why don’t mountains get cold in the winter? They have snowcaps. %%Christmas
Student: Can I go to the bathroom? Teacher: It’s ’may. Student: No, it’s January.
I like to spend my weekends playing chess with elderly men in the park. But it’s becoming more difficult. You try finding exactly32 old guys.
Why shouldn’t you play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs. %%Animal
Our vacuum cleaner is getting old. It’s just gathering dust.
What do you call a gnat with a sore throat? A hoarse fly.
You used to be able to get air for free at gas stations, but now it’s a $1. That’s inflation for you.
Why is it hard to understand volunteers? Because they make no cents!
What did Mars ask Saturn? Hey, why don’t you give me a ring some time?
What do you call a TV vaccination? A screen-shot.
Why do people like having cats as pets? They’re purr-dy. %%Cat
Why doesn’t Santa go to the hospital? He has private elf care. %%Christmas
Why didn’t the invisible man go to the dance? He didn’t have any body to take.
How come the Hulk doesn’t lose his pants when he transforms? The experiment altered his jeans.
Why should you never share a bed with Punxsutawney Phil? He always hogs the covers. %%Groundhog Day
What kind of cars do cats prefer to drive? Fur-arris. %%Cat
Why can’t you tell a taco a secret? They tend to spill the beans! %%Cinco De Mayo
Where do you find reindeer? I dunno, depends on where you left them. %%Christmas
What do you call an anxious mosquito? A jitterbug. %%Summer
What do snowmen call their offspring? Chill-dren. %%Christmas
This Easter story has a hoppy ending. %%Easter
I have a joke about a broken clock, but it’s not the right time.
Why was the man afraid of the calendar? Its days were numbered.
Barbers…you have to take your hat off to them.
What do you call a monster with a high IQ? Frank-Einstein.
What do you call a baby sheep that knows karate? A lamb chop.
What kind of bird is always getting hurt? The owl.
What shoes do bananas like to wear? Slippers.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Snow. Snow who? This is snow time for telling Christmas jokes. %%Christmas
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this.
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up. %Food
Daughter: I have a lot of friends named Nathan. There’s Nathan Miller, Nathan Radcliff, Nathan Lewis… Me: When they are together, do you call them the United Nathans?
Why did everyone enjoy being around the volcano? It’s just so lava-ble.
What do you get when you cross an elephant and a fish? Swimming trunks. %%Summer
What did one snowman say to the other? You smell carrots, too? %%Christmas
Why did nobody want to play cards with the pirate? Because he was standing on the deck. %%Pirate
See you later alligator %%Goodbye
How does Darth Vader like his toast? On the dark side.
Why did the turkey get detention? It used fowl language. %%Thanksgiving
What’s a cow’s favorite holiday? Moo Year’s Day! %%New Year
A woman is on trial for beating her husband to death with his guitar collection. The judge asks her, First offender? She says, No, first a Gibson. Then a Fender.
What kind of medicine do you give a sick horse? Cough stirrup.
Where do reindeer go if they lose a tail? The retail store. %%Christmas
What do you call cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese. %%Food
Which of Santa’s reindeer has the best moves? Dancer. %%Christmas
What kind of salad do they serve at the North Pole? Iceberg lettuce. %%Christmas
Why do omelets love April Fools’? They enjoy practical yolks. %%April Fools
What do you call a cow with a twitch? – Beef jerky.
What kind of car does an egg drive? A yolkswagen.
What did the baker say when she won an award? It was a piece of cake.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Jewel. Jewel who? Jewel be happy to know there will be an early spring! %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock
What did the duck say when it bought chapstick? Put it on my bill!
Why was the dad sitting on a pack of playing cards? His kid asked him to sit on the deck.
Out the door, dinosaur %%Goodbye
What do you call a shoe made out of a banana? A slipper.
I’d like to have kids one day. I don’t think I could stand them any longer than that, though.
I just applied for a job down at the diner. I told them I really bring a lot to the table.
What do you get when you cross a polar bear with a seal? A polar bear.
What does a lemon say when it answers the phone? Yellow!
Why don’t cats shop in stores? They prefer cat-alogs. %%Cat
What do you call a wizard who’s good with ceramics? Harry Pottery.
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked.
I can tell when you’re lying just by looking at you. I can also tell when you’re standing.
Did you hear about the cat that ate a lemon? Now it’s a sour puss. %%Animal
I was reading a great book about an immortal dog the other day. It was impossible to put down.
What’s more unbelievable than a talking dog? A spelling bee.
What’s the best way to send an Easter greeting? Hare mail. %%Easter
What do you call someone afraid of Santa? A Claus-trophic. %%Christmas
What do cats put in their houses? Fur-niture. %%Cat
I want to go on record that I support farming. As a matter of fact, you could call me protractor.
Why did the witch go to the doctor? She had a dizzy spell.
Where do Christmas trees go to have fun? Tinseltown. %%Christmas
Did you hear about the yacht builder that had to work from home? His sails went through the roof. %%Fathers Day
I went to the zoo and saw a baguette in a cage. The zookeeper said it was bread in captivity.
What do you call a reindeer on Halloween? A cariBOO! %%Christmas
What do you call a cat with eight legs? An octo-puss. %%Cat
What sits on the seabed and has anxiety? A nervous wreck.
Where do crayons go on vacation? Color-ado.
Did you hear about the surgeon who enjoyed performing quick surgeries on insects? He did one on the fly.
Did you hear about the cat that almost fell off a cliff? It lived to tell the tail. %%Cat
Why do dragons sleep during the day? Because they like to fight knights.
What did one hat say to the other? Stay here! I’m going on ahead.
Not sure if you have noticed, but I love bad puns—that’s just how eye roll.
A ship carrying red paint and a ship carrying blue paint collide in the middle of the ocean. Both crews were marooned.
Two artists had an art contest. It ended in a draw.
This year’s Fibonacci convention is going to be really special. Apparently it’s as big as the last two put together.
Why couldn’t the little witch read her spellbook? It was written in curse-ive.
What do you call a sunny day that follows two rainy April days? Monday. %%April Fools
Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be justwater.
Why didn’t the skeleton climb the mountain? It didn’t have the guts.
What did the dryer say to the boring duvet cover that just got out of the washer? Don’t be such a wet blanket.
What kind of bug can tell time? A clock-roach.
Why should you avoid the stairs on April Fools’ Day? Because they’re always up to something. %%April Fools
Why did the stadium get so hot after the game? Because all the fans left.
What’s the best air to breathe if you want to be rich? Millionaire.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Ketchup. Ketchup who? I’ll ketchup with you in the fall. %%Summer
What does the stork do once he’s delivered the baby? He lies on the couch and drinks a beer!
What did the pirate wear on Halloween? A pumpkin patch %%Pirate
I’m so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed.
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish!
How do pigs wake up their dad on Father’s Day? With plenty of hogs and kisses. %%Fathers Day
Where do you learn to make ice cream? At sundae school!
What did one light bulb say to the other light bulb on Valentine’s Day?I wuv you watts and watts! %%Valentine’s Day
At least I know I can always count on my fingers.
I have a joke about statistics, but it’s not significant.
Why shouldn’t you marry a tennis player? Because love means nothing to them.
Did you hear about the angry cat? It got hot under the collar. %%Cat
How does Moses make his coffee? Hebrews it.
Wishing you a hare-raising Easter. %%Easter
What did one squirrel say to the other squirrel on Valentine’s Day? I’m nuts about you! %%Valentine’s Day
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Un-bee-lievable.
What’s the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Needle. Needle who? Needle money for Christmas shopping. %%Christmas
What do you get if you cross an angry sheep with a moody cow? An animal that’s in a baaaaad mooood.
It’s raining cats and dogs, so be careful not to step in a poodle.
What would bears be without the letter B? Ears.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Ken. Ken who? Ken you take me to the beach? %%Summer
Where do elephants store luggage? In a trunk.
At the beginning of the year, I made a resolution to lose 15 pounds. Only 20 more to go! %%New Year
Why don’t chickens play pranks on April Fools’ Day? They don’t engage in fowl play. %%April Fools
Let’s get elf-ed up. %%Christmas
What does Santa eat for breakfast? Frosted Flakes. %%Christmas
What’s the most festive herb? Christmas thyme %%Christmas
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home.
Give a hug lady bug %%Goodbye
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me.
Why are nurses always running out of red crayons? Because they often have to draw blood!
What do you call a potato wearing glasses? A spec-tater.
What music do chiropractors listen to? Hip-pop.
What kind of dogs do magicians like? Labracadabradors
What do you call a pig that knows karate? A pork chop.
My dad said he wanted something groundbreaking for Father’s Day. So I got him a shovel. %%Fathers Day
Did you hear about the broken guitar for sale? It comes with no strings attached.
Why did the baseball player get arrested? He stole third base.
Why is a foot a good Christmas gift? It fits right in a stocking. %%Christmas
What’s worse than finding a worm in your apple? Finding half a worm.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? If they flew over the bay, they’d be called bagels.
What did one flower say to the other? Let’s be buds. %%Spring
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honey combs. %Animal
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forest1.
Did you hear about the ski trip? It started off fine, but went downhill fast. %%Christmas
The finger was put in detention for always picking on the nose.
What did one toilet say to the other? You look a bit flushed.
How do you teach kids about taxes? Eat 38% of their ice cream.
What’s the Easter Bunny’s favorite game? Hopscotch. %%Easter
hy did the witch go to the doctor? She had a dizzy spell.
What do you call a dog that can do magic? A Labracabrador.
I have a joke about banking, but I lost interest.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear. %%Fathers Day
My wife and I have decided not to have kids. The kids are taking it pretty badly.
And they lived hoppily ever after. %%Easter
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Abby. Abby who? Abby Groundhog Day! %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock
Where do sick boats go to get better? The boat doc.
I’ll call you later. Don’t call me later, call me Dad.
Why can’t you trust an atom? Because they make up everything.
Did you hear about the chick that went to jail? It was a bad egg. %%Easter
Why are mushrooms always invited to parties? They’re a fungi.
Why do pirates live life to the fullest? They know how to seas the day. %%Pirate
What do turkeys say on Thanksgiving? “Moo.” %%Thanksgiving
Why did the leprechaun cross the rainbow? To get to the pot of gold. %%Cross the road %%St. Patrick’s day
Did you hear about the cat who ate a ball of yarn? She had mittens.
What did one Christmas tree say to the other? I’m pining for you. %%Christmas
Why do vampires seem sick? They’re always coffin.
Why are sponges and brains similar? They both like to soak up material.
How come you can never call a pirate? They always leave their phones off the hook. %%Pirate
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines. But catscan. %%Animals
I wondered why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me. %%General
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarterback. %%Sports
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they golfing? In case they get a hole-in-one! %%Sports
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera. %%Puns
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is. %%Puns %%Food
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe. %%Puns %%Food
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens. %%Puns %%Food
Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog. %%Puns %%Animals
I stayed up all night and tried to figure out where the sun was. Then it dawned on me. %%Puns
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella? Fo’ Drizzle. %%Puns %%Pop Culture
Once I ate a fancy Italian restaurant. It cost a pretty penne. %%Puns %%Food
Why did the gym close down? It just didn’t work out. %%Puns
Two artists had an art contest. It ended in a draw. %%Puns
What kind of music do mummies listen to? Wrap. %%Puns %%Music
Why did the car get a flat tire? Because there was a fork in the road! %%Puns
What do you call a cold puppy? A chili dog. %%Puns %%Animals %%Food
Did you hear the sausage joke? It’s the wurst. %%Puns %%Food
Where are average things manufactured? The Satisfactory. %%Puns
How can you tell it’s a dogwood tree? From the bark. %%Puns %%Nature
Why did the woman go on the date with the mushroom? Because he was a fun-ghi. %%Puns %%Nature %%Food
Want to hear a joke about construction? I’m still working on it. %%Puns %%Work
What did one hat say to the other? Wait here, I’m going on ahead! %%Puns
Why shouldn’t pigs drive? They hog the road. %%Puns %%Animals
Did you hear about the guy who invented the “knock-knock” joke? He won the “no-bell” prize. %%Puns
Where do bad rainbows go? Prism, it’s a light sentence. %%Puns
What does corn say when it gets a compliment? Aw, shucks! %%Puns %%Food
How do astronomers find asteroids headed toward earth? With a collide-o-scope. %%Puns %%Science
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me. %%Corny
What do you call a sick lemon? Lemon-aid. %%Corny %%Food
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel. %%Corny %%Riddle
What should you do with a sick boat? Take it to the doc. %%Corny
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear. %%Corny %%Animals %%Food
Why can’t your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot. %%Corny %%Pun
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck. %%Corny %%Riddle
Why are pigs so bad at sports? Because they always hog the ball. %%Corny %%Animals %%Sports
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana. %%Corny %%Pun %%Nature %%Food
How do moths swim? Using the butterfly stroke. %%Corny %%Animals %%Pun
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar. %%Corny %%Technology
I hit in the head with a soda can. Thankfully it was a soft drink. %%Corny
What’s the name of my cheese? Nacho cheese. %%Corny %%Food
Knock, knock. Who’s there? Cows go. Cows go who? No, cows go moo! %%Corny %%Knock knock %%Animals
What’s the loudest pet you can own? A trumpet. %%Corny %%Animals %%Music
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison. %%Corny %%Animals %%Pun
What does a pampered cow give? Spoiled milk. %%Corny %%Animals %%Pun %%Food
John had a blind date to a fitness center. She didn’t show up, so I guess they won’t work out. %%Corny %%Pun
I made a whopping six figures last year. I also was fired from the toy factory for being too slow. %%Corny
Knock, knock. Who’s there? A little old lady. A little old lady who? Hey, you can yodel! %%Corny %%Knock knock
Why did the teddy bear skip dessert? She was stuffed. %%Corny %%Animals %%Food
What did the left eye say to the right? Something smells between us. %%Corny
Why shouldn’t you tell secrets in a cornfield? Too many ears. %%Corny %%Pun %%Food
I just got kicked out of a secret cooking society. I spilled the beans. %%Corny %%Pun %%Food
What’s it called when a snowman throws a tantrum? A meltdown. %%Corny
What did the scarecrow win an award for? He was outstanding in his field. %%Corny %%Pun
I don’t know much about the best things in Switzerland, but their flag is a big plus. %%Corny %%Pun %%Geography
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me. %%Corny %%Pun
How many potatoes do you need to make a pancake? A latke. %%Corny %%Pun %%Food
The wedding was so beautiful. Even the cake was in tiers. %%Corny %%Pun
I hung a picture up on the wall the other day. Some would say that I nailed it. %%Corny %%Pun
Why do Swedish battleships have bar codes on them? So they can Scandinavian. %%Corny %%Pun %%Geography
I invented a pencil with an eraser on each end. There’s no point to it. %%Corny %%Pun
RIP boiling water, you will be mist. %%One-liner %%Pun
I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it’s more of a wrap. %%One-liner %%Pun %%Food %%Music
A witch’s vehicle goes brrroom brrroom! %%One-liner %%Pun %%Halloween
The waiter asked if I wanted a box for my leftovers, but I told him I’m not into fighting. %%One-liner
If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness? %%One-liner %%Pun %%Technology
If the early bird catches the worm, I’ll sleep in until there are pancakes. %%One-liner %%Food
I used to be able to play the piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands. %%One-liner %%Pun %%Music
Did Noah include termites on the ark? %%One-liner %%Biblical
Keep the dream alive, and hit the snooze button. %%One-liner
Whiteboards are remarkable. %%One-liner %%Pun
I’m afraid of speed bumps, but I am slowly getting over it. %%One-liner %%Pun
I’m so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed! %%One-liner
Some people think prison is one word, but to robbers, it’s the whole sentence. %%One-liner %%Pun
I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now. %%One-liner %%Pun
Are people born with photographic memories, or does it take time to develop? %%One-liner %%Pun
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants! %%One-liner %%Pun %%Nature
I was at the park wondering why this frisbee kept getting bigger, and then it hit me. %%One-liner
I poured root beer in a square glass. Now I just have beer. %%One-liner %%Pun %%Food
I had a dream about being a muffler. I woke up exhausted. %%One-liner %%Pun
Talk is cheap until you talk to a lawyer. %%One-liner %%Pun %%Work
A fish swam into a wall and said, "Dam!" %%One-liner %%Pun %%Animals
A pony with a cough is just a little horse. %%One-liner %%Pun %%Animals
It takes guts to be an organ donor. %%One-liner %%Pun %%Medical
I’ll call you later. Don’t call me later, call me Dad! %%Funny %%Dad Jokes
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh. %%Funny %%Pun %%Animals
Why was the little cookie sad? His mother was a wafer so long. %%Funny %%Pun %%Food
What kind of drink can be bitter and sweet? Reali-tea. %%Funny %%Pun %%Food
Did you hear about the dry cleaner who got arrested? He was laundering money. %%Funny %%Pun %%Work
Why do M&Ms go to school? Because they want to be a Smartie. %%Funny %%Pun %%Food
Knock knock. Who’s there? Tank. Tank who? You’re welcome. %%Funny %%Knock knock %%Pun
How do you protect a bagel? Lox it up! %%Funny %%Pun %%Food
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs! %%Funny %%Meta
What do you call a cow with three legs? Lean beef. %%Funny %%Pun %%Animals %%Food
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef. %%Funny %%Pun %%Animals %%Food
Why did the stadium get hot after the game? All of the fans left. %%Funny %%Pun %%Sports
How did the phone propose to his girlfriend? He gave her a ring. %%Funny %%Pun %%Technology
Why shouldn’t you enter into a contract with Wolverine? Because of his retractable clause. %%Funny %%Pun %%Pop Culture
What kind of coffee does a vampire drink? De-coffin-ated. %%Funny %%Pun %%Food %%Halloween
Today I gave my dead batteries away. They were free of charge. %%Funny %%Pun
How do you keep a skunk from smelling? Hold its nose! %%Funny %%Animals
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish! %%Funny %%Pun %%Animals
Why can’t you tell a taco a secret? They tend to spill the beans! %%Funny %%Pun %%Food %%Cinco De Mayo
The past, present, and future walk into a bar. It was tense. %%Funny %%Pun
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh. %%Funny %%Pun %%Animals
A book fell on my head. I only have my shelf to blame. %%Funny %%Pun
Someone stole my mood ring. I don’t know how I feel about that. %%Funny
What did the horse say when he fell down? I’ve fallen and I can’t giddy up. %%Funny %%Pun %%Animals
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word! %%Cheesy Puns %%Pun %%Work %%Technology
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans. %%Cheesy Puns %%Pun %%Pop Culture
What did the fisherman say to the magician? Pick a cod, any cod. %%Cheesy Puns %%Pun %%Animals %%Food
How do you organize a space party? You planet. %%Cheesy Puns %%Pun %%Science
Did you know that milk is the fastest liquid on earth? It’s pasteurized before you can even see it. %%Cheesy Puns %%Pun %%Food
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted. %%Cheesy Puns %%Pun %%Animals
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? 10 tickles. %%Cheesy Puns %%Pun %%Animals
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad. %%Cheesy Puns %%Pun %%Animals
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web. %%Cheesy Puns %%Pun %%Animals %%Technology
How did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate his pizza before it was cool. %%Cheesy Puns %%Pun %%Food %%Pop Culture
Did you hear about the chef who died? He pasta-way. %%Cheesy Puns %%Pun %%Food
Two antennas decided to get married, the ceremony was pretty boring, but the reception was great! %%Cheesy Puns %%Pun %%Technology
Why do seagulls live by the sea? If they lived by the bay, they’d be bagels. %%Cheesy Puns %%Pun %%Animals %%Food
What do you call a duck on the Fourth of July? A fire-quacker. %%Cheesy Puns %%Pun %%Animals %%Holiday
What’s the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream. %%Cheesy Puns %%Pun %%Sports
Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog. %%Cheesy Puns %%Pun %%Animals
What goes up and down but doesn’t move at all? Stairs. %%Cheesy Puns %%Riddle
I told my doctor that I broke my arm in two places. He told me to stop going to those places. %%Cheesy Puns
What is a funny mountain called? Hill-arious. %%Cheesy Puns %%Pun %%Nature
What do u call an Army of babies? Infantry. %%Cheesy Puns %%Pun %%Military
Why was the broom late to work? It over-swept. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Work
What does a baby computer call his father? Data. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Technology %%Family
Why are elevator jokes so good? They work on so many levels. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun
Why did the computer sneeze? It had a virus. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Technology
What’s Forrest Gump’s email password? 1forest1. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Pop Culture
Now matter how much you push the envelope, it’ll still be stationery. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Work
What do you call a singing laptop? A Dell. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Technology %%Music
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Food
What does a gossiping coffee do? Spill the beans. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Food
Who wins in a fight between Sunday and Monday? Sunday, because Monday is a weekday. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Time
Why did the employee get fired from the calendar factory? He took a day off. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Work
I get plenty of exercise at work: Jumping to conclusions, pushing my luck, and dodging deadlines. %%Dad Jokes For Work
My colleague and I laugh about how competitive we are. But I laugh more. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Meta
Do you know what can really ruin a Friday? When you remember it’s Thursday. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Time
Where do computers go to dance? The disk-o. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Technology
I have a few jokes about unemployed people, but none of them work. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Work
What did the computer do for his lunch break Had a byte. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Technology %%Food
I got fired from my job at the bank today. A customer asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over. %%Dad Jokes For Work
When do computers overheat? When they need to vent. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Technology
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun
Why did the coffee machine file a complaint? It couldn’t espresso itself properly! %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Food
How do construction workers party? They raise the roof! %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Work
Why did the copier go to therapy? It had too many paper issues. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Technology
Do you know where you can get chicken broth in bulk? The stock market. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Food
Why are chemists great at solving problems? Because they have all of the solutions! %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Science
What is it called when someone steals your coffee? A mugging. %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Food
What is a computer’s favorite food? Microchips %%Dad Jokes For Work %%Pun %%Technology %%Food
"Two sausages were in a frying pan. One rolls over to the other and says, ’It’s hot in here!’ The other replies, ’Wait, you can talk?’ " %%Dad Jokes From Readers %%Food %%Surprise
"Every single time we passed a cemetery: ’People are just dying to get in there!’ " %%Dad Jokes From Readers %%Dark Humor
"Name some friends that always go out to eat with you... Your tasteBUDS" %%Dad Jokes From Readers %%Pun %%Food %%Friends
"Ran out of toilet paper and now using lettuce leaves. Today was just the tip of the iceberg, tomorrow romaines to be seen." %%Dad Jokes From Readers %%Pun %%Household %%Food
"Did you know in Hawaii it’s actually illegal to laugh really loud? You have to keep it a lo ha." %%Dad Jokes From Readers %%Pun %%Geography
What do you call a rabbit with fleas? Bugs Bunny %%Animals %%Pun %%Pop Culture %%Reddit Dad Jokes
Do you know why it’s a bad thing to fart in church? Because then you have to sit in your own pew. %%Gross %%Reddit Dad Jokes
A conversation at the casting office: CASTING DIRECTOR: We’re working on a movie about composers. STALLONE: I’ll play Beethoven. WILLIS: I’ll be Mozart. SCHWARZENEGGER: Stop it, guys. I’m not saying it. SCHWARZENEGGER: I’ll be Bach. %%Music %%Pun %%Reddit Dad Jokes
TEACHER: A is for Apple; B is for Banana. What is C for? STUDENT: Explosives. %%School %%Unexpected %%Reddit Dad Jokes
What do you call two monkeys that share an Amazon account? Prime mates. %%Animals %%Pun %%Technology %%2025
What kind of noise does a witch’s vehicle make? Brrrroooom, brrroooom. %%Halloween %%Sound Effect %%2025
My girlfriend keeps accusing me of cheating. She’s starting to sound like my wife. %%Relationship %%Meta %%2025
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked. %%Anti-Joke %%2025
Did you hear about the actor who broke his leg onstage? He’s still in the cast. %%Pun %%Theater %%2025
How do you get a country girl’s attention? A tractor. %%Stereotype %%2025
What do you call it when a group of apes starts a company? Monkey business. %%Animals %%Pun %%Work %%2025
Why did the pharmacist walk on her tiptoes? She didn’t want to wake the sleeping pills. %%Pun %%Work %%Medical %%2025
I have an inferiority complex, but it’s not a very good one. %%Self-deprecating %%2025
What do you call a pudgy psychic? A four-chin teller. %%Pun %%Supernatural %%2025
I had a date last night, and it was perfect. Tomorrow, I’ll have a fig. %%Pun %%Food %%2025
My wife asked me to stop singing “Wonderwall” to her. I said, “Maybe…” %%Pun %%Music %%Relationship %%2025
Why was the color green notoriously single? It was always so jaded. %%Pun %%Colors %%2025
What do you call 26 letters that went for a swim? Alphawetical. %%Pun %%Alphabet %%2025
What’s the name of a very polite, European body of water? Mer ci. %%Pun %%Geography %%Language %%2025
Why did the cow pack up its bags and move to Hollywood? To be in the moo-vies. %%Pun %%Animals %%Pop Culture %%2025
Sundays are always a little sad, but the day before is a sadder day. %%Pun %%Time %%2025
5/4 of people admit they’re bad at fractions. %%Pun %%Math %%2025
Why did the bedding hide their relationship? They just wanted something pil low-key! %%Pun %%Household %%2025
You’re American when you go into a bathroom and when you come out, but what are you while you’re in the bathroom? European. %%Pun %%Geography %%2025
Why can’t you trust an atom? Because they make up everything. %%Bad Dad Jokes %%Science
Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be just-water. %%Bad Dad Jokes %%Pun
Shouldn’t the “roof” of your mouth actually be called the ceiling. %%Bad Dad Jokes %%Question
Why did the baby strawberry cry? Because its mother was in a jam. %%Bad Dad Jokes %%Pun %%Food
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? Because it got stuck in a crack. %%Bad Dad Jokes
I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but he said it’s just a bug going around. %%Bad Dad Jokes %%Pun %%Medical %%Animals
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A Lamb orghini. %%Bad Dad Jokes %%Pun %%Animals
What do you call someone who won’t stick to a diet? A desserter. %%Bad Dad Jokes %%Pun
What did the accountant say while auditing a document? This is taxing. %%Bad Dad Jokes %%Pun %%Work
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight. %%Bad Dad Jokes %%Pun %%Food %%Relationship
I spent a lot of time, money, and effort childproofing my house… but the kids still get in. %%Observational
Why is it a bad idea to iron your four-leaf clover? ‘Cause you shouldn’t press your luck. %%Pun %%Nature
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable. %%Pun %%Animals
Why do vampires seem sick? They’re always coffin. %%Pun %%Halloween
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together! %%Pun %%Animals
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays. %%Pun %%Time
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle. %%Pun %%Animals %%Weather
I remember as a kid, my dad got fired from his job as a road worker for theft. I refused to believe he could do such a thing, but when I got home, the signs were all there. %%Pun %%Work
We all know about Murphy’s Law: anything that can go wrong will go wrong. But have you heard of Cole’s Law? It’s thinly sliced cabbage. %%Pun %%Food %%Law
I don’t trust stairs. They are always up to something. %%Pun %%Household
What’s the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire. %%Pun %%Transportation
I’m afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered. %%Pun %%Time
You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg. %%Pun %%Animals
Do you want a box for your leftovers? No, but I’ll wrestle you for them. %%Humorous
What do you call a pony with a sore throat? A little hoarse. %%Pun %%Animals
How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh? Nothing, it’s on the house. %%Pun %%Holiday
I wouldn’t buy anything with velcro. It’s a total rip-off. %%Pun %%Consumerism
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin. %%Pun %%Halloween
The rotation of the earth really makes my day. %%Pun %%Science
Why do dogs float in water? Because they are good buoys. %%Pun %%Animals
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent. %%Meta
Did you know that there’s a fine line between a denominator and a numerator? Only a fraction of people will find this funny. (And less than half will get it). %%Pun %%Math
My daughter finally started looking for a job. I told her there’s an entry level job that people are dying to get into and you start with 3000 people beneath you. Working at the graveyard isn’t for everyone though! %%Dark Humor %%Work
I was on the train to work and the conductor told me he had to charge me extra for telling dad jokes. I told him that’s not fare. %%Pun %%Transportation %%Work
I’m so proud of my son, he’s taken to reading a lot recently but he’s always losing his place, he asked me for a book mark and I started bawling. Can’t believe he still doesn’t know my name is Seb. %%Meta %%Family
The wife has been reading a lot of gothic romance horrors recently, so I asked her why does Dracula always bite people in the neck? She told me it’s because he’s a neck romancer. %%Pun %%Halloween %%Relationship
I asked my dog what’s two minus two. He said nothing. %%Anti-Joke %%Animals
I gave all my dead batteries away today... Free of charge. %%Pun
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y. %%Pun %%Alphabet
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies! %%Unexpected %%Work
Talking about inventions of the past century with the wife and I quipped that the dry erase board has to be one of the most remarkable. %%Observational
Hi, I’m Cliff. Drop over sometime. %%Pun %%Name
Did you hear about the guy who went to the doctor for a headache? The doctor examined his ear and found money. The doctor kept pulling and pulling it out until he had $1,999. Then the doctor said, "No wonder you’re not feeling two grand!" %%Pun %%Medical
Dad, when he puts the car in reverse: "Ah, this takes me back." %%Pun %%Family
What do you call the security guards for Samsung? Guardians of the galaxy. %%Pun %%Technology %%Pop Culture
I was making a joke about retirement. It did not work. %%Meta %%Work
The other day I bought a thesaurus, but when I got home and opened it, all the pages were blank. I have no word to describe how angry I am. %%Pun %%Books
The owner of the tuxedo store kept hovering over me when i was browsing, so I asked him to leave me alone. He said, “Fine, suit yourself.” %%Pun %%Work
Why did the egg have a day off? Because it was Fryday. %%Pun %%Food %%Time
Have you ever heard about the kidnapping at school? It’s okay, he woke up. %%Anti-Joke %%School
I found a book called How to Solve 50% of Your Problems. So I bought 2. %%Meta %%Math %%Books
Why did the coffee taste like dirt? Because it was ground just a few minutes ago. %%Pun %%Food
Why did the Rolling Stones stop making music? Because they got to bottom of the hill. %%Pun %%Music %%Pop Culture
What is the best present? Broken drums! You can’t beat them. %%Pun %%Music %%Gifts
Did you know courdury pillows are in style? They’re making headlines. %%Pun %%Household
Did you hear about the fragile myth? It was busted. %%Pun
What word can you make shorter by adding two letters? Short. %%Wordplay %%Riddle
What do call a criminal landing an airplane? Condescending. %%Pun %%Work %%Transportation
Why do people who live in Greece hate waking up at dawn? Because Dawn is tough on Greece. %%Pun %%Geography %%Time
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it. %%Pun %%Religious
Justice is a dish best served cold. Otherwise, it’s just water. %%Pun %%Food %%Law
Why should you never throw grandpa’s false teeth at a vehicle? You might denture car. %%Pun %%Family
Why are Christmas trees bad at knitting? They always drop their needles. %%Pun %%Holiday %%Nature
What did the lunch box say to the refrigerator? Don’t hate me because I’m a little cooler. %%Pun %%Household
Why couldn’t the tree get on his computer? Because he could not log on. %%Pun %%Nature %%Technology
What’s a skeleton’s favorite type of road? A dead end. %%Pun %%Halloween %%Transportation
What did the alien say to the landscaper? Take me to your weeder. %%Pun %%Science Fiction %%Work
Me: “I want to write when I grow up.” Dad: “Why don’t you left instead?” %%Pun %%Family %%Work
What did Elvis say to his landscaper? Thank you for the mulch! %%Pun %%Pop Culture %%Work
Why didn’t the lifeguard save the hippie? He was too far out! %%Pun %%Work
What did the mother broom say to the baby broom? Time to go to sweep. %%Pun %%Household %%Family
The other day I was attacked by a bunch of circus clowns in a parking lot. I won though, cause I went right for the juggler. %%Unexpected
I’d like to shout out sidewalks for keeping me off the streets. %%Pun %%Urban Life
How many ears does Captain Kirk have? Three. The left ear, the right ear, and the final front-ear. %%Pun %%Pop Culture
Did you hear about the famous pickle? He’s a really big dill. %%Pun %%Food
I went on Amazon to buy a lighter but all they had were 3,472 matches. %%Unexpected
What do you need to make a highway in an art studio? A mile marker. %%Pun %%Art %%Transportation
How does Vin Diesel keep in touch with the Fast and Furious crew? On a Zoom call. %%Pun %%Pop Culture %%Technology
How much does a chimney cost. Nothing, it’s on the house. %%Pun %%Household
Why do only some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don’t work out. %%Pun %%Relationship
You don’t need a parachute to go skydiving. You need one to go skydiving twice. %%Pun %%Safety
How do you make 7 even? Take away the S. %%Pun %%Math
Why is sausage bad for you? It brings out the Wurst in people. %%Pun %%Food
What do you call a broken clock? A waste of time. %%Pun %%Time
What’s an astronaut’s favorite board game? Moon-opoly %%Pun %%Science %%Games
How do you make Budweiser? Send him to school. %%Pun %%Food
What is Santa’s favorite state to visit? Ida Ho Ho Ho %%Pun %%Holiday %%Geography
Have you seen those traffic circles or driven around them? Well, they are pointless. %%Pun %%Transportation
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The P is silent. %%Pun %%Animals
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward. %%Pun %%Health
What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common? "They’re both Paris sites." %%Pun %%Animals %%Geography
What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie? "Sofishticated." %%Pun %%Animals
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?" "Pilgrims." %%Pun %%Time %%History
"I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along." %%Unexpected %%Household
"How does dry skin affect you at work?" "You don’t have any elbow grease to put into it." %%Pun %%Work %%Health
"Dad, can you put my shoes on?" "No, I don’t think they’ll fit me." %%Silly %%Family
"Why can’t a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot." %%Silly %%Pun %%Body Parts
"What does a lemon say when it answers the phone?" "Yellow!" %%Silly %%Pun %%Food
"This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in." %%Silly %%Pun %%Dark Humor
"Dad, can you put the cat out?" "I didn’t know it was on fire." %%Silly %%Pun %%Animals
"How does a taco say grace?" "Lettuce pray." %%Silly %%Pun %%Food %%Cinco De Mayo
"What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y." %%Silly %%Pun %%Medical %%Time
"Why didn’t the skeleton climb the mountain?" "It didn’t have the guts." %%Silly %%Pun %%Halloween
"How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles." %%Silly %%Pun %%Animals
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don’t think it will get a reaction." %%Silly %%Pun %%Science
"What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!" %%Silly %%Pun %%Music
"What does a bee use to brush its hair?" "A honeycomb!" %%Silly %%Pun %%Animals
"How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it." %%Silly %%Pun
"Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!" %%Silly
"What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!" %%Silly %%Pun
"How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together." %%Silly %%Pun %%Animals
"How did Harry Potter get down the hill?" "Walking. JK! Rowling." %%Silly %%Pun %%Pop Culture
"A guy walks into a bar... and he was disqualified from the limbo contest." %%One-liner %%Anti-Joke
"That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Transportation
"Shout out to my fingers. I can count on all of them." %%One-liner %%Meta %%Body Parts
"What country’s capital is growing the fastest?" "Ireland. Every day it’s Dublin." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Geography
"I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda. It was more of a fanta sea." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Food %%Dreams
"A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, ’Sorry, we don’t serve food here.’" %%One-liner %%Anti-Joke %%Food
"I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn’t concentrate." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Work %%Food
"Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Weather
"Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field." %%One-liner %%Pun
"I’m reading a book about anti-gravity. It’s impossible to put down!" %%One-liner %%Pun %%Books %%Science
"How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!" %%One-liner %%Pun
"I’m reading a book about anti-gravity. It’s impossible to put down!" %%One-liner %%Pun %%Books %%Science
"Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the ’no-bell’ prize." %%One-liner %%Pun
"I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I’ve never looked back since." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Health
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine." %%One-liner %%Observational %%Body Parts
"What’s brown and sticky? A stick." %%One-liner %%Riddle
"Why can’t you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the ’P’ is silent." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Medical
"What do you call an elephant that doesn’t matter? An irrelephant." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Animals
"What’s the best smelling insect?" "A deodor-ant." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Animals
"I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Work %%Health
"Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!" %%One-liner %%Pun %%Romance
"I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know." %%One-liner %%Food
"What do clouds wear?" "Thunderwear." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Weather
"Why are piggy banks so wise?" "They’re filled with common cents." %%One-liner %%Pun
"How do you get a good price on a sled?" "You have toboggan." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Sports
"Where do young trees go to learn?" "Elementree school." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Nature %%School
"How do lawyers say goodbye? We’ll be suing ya!" %%One-liner %%Pun %%Work
"Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it’s tearable." %%One-liner %%Pun
"Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Nature
"I could tell a joke about pizza, but it’s a little cheesy." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Food
"What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Technology
"Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels." %%One-liner %%Pun
"Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Animals
"Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Geography
"What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Food %%Crime
"What did the fish say when he hit the wall? Dam." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Animals
"Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Sports
"If you see a crime happen at the Apple store, what does it make you?" "An iWitness." %%One-liner %%Pun %%Technology %%Crime
Why did the old man fall down the well? He couldn’t see that well. %%Reader Favorite
I tried to make up a joke about ghost but I couldn’t. It had plenty of spirit but no body. %%Reader Favorite %%Halloween
Dad: What is the difference between a piano, a tuna, and a pot of glue? Me: I don’t know.
Dad: You can tuna piano but you can’t piano a tuna. Me: What about the pot of glue? Dad: I knew you’d get stuck on that. %%Reader Favorite %%Pun %%Music %%Food
Two windmills were sitting on a hill. One asks the other, "Do you have a favorite song?" The other replies, "Well... all my life I have been a heavy metal fan." %%Reader Favorite %%Pun %%Music
Today at the bank, an old lady asked me to check her balance... So I pushed her over. %%Reader Favorite %%Dark Humor %%Work
I got an A on my origami assignment when I turned my paper into my teacher. %%Reader Favorite %%School %%Pun %%Art
How many storm troopers does it take to change a lightbulb? None, because they are all on the dark side. %%Reader Favorite %%Pun %%Pop Culture
If your house is cold, just stand in the corner. It’s always 90 degrees there. %%Reader Favorite %%Pun %%Math
I was making a joke about retirement. It did not work. %%Reader Favorite %%Meta %%Work
The other day I bought a thesaurus, but when I got home and opened it, all the pages were blank. I have no word to describe how angry I am. %%Reader Favorite %%Pun %%Books
The owner of the tuxedo store kept hovering over me when i was browsing, so I asked him to leave me alone. He said, “Fine, suit yourself.” %%Reader Favorite %%Pun %%Work
Have you ever heard about the kidnapping at school? It’s okay, he woke up. %%Reader Favorite %%Anti-Joke %%School
I found a book called How to Solve 50% of Your Problems. So I bought 2. %%Reader Favorite %%Meta %%Math %%Books
Why did the coffee taste like dirt? Because it was ground just a few minutes ago. %%Reader Favorite %%Pun %%Food
Why did the Rolling Stones stop making music? Because they got to bottom of the hill. %%Reader Favorite %%Pun %%Music %%Pop Culture
What is the best present? Broken drums! You can’t beat them. %%Reader Favorite %%Pun %%Music %%Gifts
I made song about tortilla once, now it’s more like a wrap. %%Reader Favorite %%Pun %%Food %%Music
Did you know courdury pillows are in style? They’re making headlines. %%Reader Favorite %%Pun %%Household
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business. %%Reader Favorite %%Pun %%Food %%Body Parts
Did you hear about the fragile myth? It was busted. %%Reader Favorite %%Pun
What word can you make shorter by adding two letters? Short. %%Reader Favorite %%Wordplay %%Riddle
What do call a criminal landing an airplane? Condescending. %%Reader Favorite %%Pun %%Work %%Transportation
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun went, and then it dawned on me. %%Reader Favorite %%Pun
Why do people who live in Greece hate waking up at dawn? Because Dawn is tough on Greece. %%Reader Favorite %%Pun %%Geography %%Time
Prepare to dye. (Kidding.) %%Easter %%Code Output
How do cats talk quietly? They whis-purr. %%Cat %%Animals %%Code Output
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Teddy. Teddy who? Teddy is Groundhog Day. %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock %%Code Output
Why are volcanoes so popular? They are lava-able. %%Code Output %%Nature
What do you call a wizard who’s really bad at football? Fumbledore. %%Code Output %%Pun %%Sports %%Fantasy
My kid gave me a ’World’s Best Dad’ mug. At least she inherited my sense of humor. %%Code Output %%Family %%Meta
What happened when Bluebeard fell overboard in the Red Sea? He got marooned. %%Pirate %%Pun %%History %%Code Output
What’s a computer’s favorite snack? Microchips! %%Technology %%Food %%Pun %%Code Output
Why do dads feel the need to tell such bad jokes? They just want to help you become a groan up. %%Meta %%Code Output
What has more letters than the alphabet? The post office! %%Wordplay %%Code Output
Where was the dripping coming from in the fridge? The leeks. %%Pun %%Food %%Code Output
I have a joke about cows, but I don’t want to milk it. %%Pun %%Animals %%Code Output
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing. It just waved. %%Beach %%Nature %%Code Output
A joke becomes a dad joke once it is apparent. %%Meta %%Code Output
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands. %%Pun %%Pop Culture %%Code Output
What do you call an angry carrot? A steamed veggie. %%Pun %%Food %%Code Output
RIP, boiling water. You will be mist. %%Pun %%Code Output
What’s a crafty dancer’s favorite hobby? Cutting a rug. %%Pun %%Hobbies %%Code Output
What do you get from a pampered cow? Spoiled milk! %%Pun %%Animals %%Food %%Code Output
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet — it was clogged. %%Clogged Toilet
If a pig loses its voice, does it become disgruntled? %%Animal %%Pun
I love dad jokes, but I don’t have kids, which makes me a Faux Pa. %%Self-referential %%Faux Pa
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet — I just don’t know y. %%Alphabet %%Pun
My dream job is to clean mirrors, because I can really see myself doing that. %%Pun %%Career
I lost 25% of my roof last night...oof. %%Roof %%Pun
I don’t trust stairs. They’re always up to something. %%Stairs %%Pun
RIP, boiling water. You will be mist. %%Water %%Pun
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked. %%Bar %%Unexpected
Two peanuts went walking down the street. One was assaulted. %%Food %%Unexpected
I want to name my puppies Rolex and Timex so I can have watch dogs. %%Animal %%Pun
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs. %%Self-referential
What does a baby computer call its father? Data! %%Technology %%Pun
What’s green and has wheels? Grass! I lied about the wheels. %%Grass %%Lie %%Unexpected
Where do pirates get their hooks? Second hand stores! %%Pirate
Why are pupils are the last part of your body to stop working when you die? They dilate! %%Body %%Pun
What do you call a line of dads waiting to get haircuts? The barberqueue! %%Fathers Day %%Haircut %%Pun
What do you call a beehive with no exit? Unbelievable! %%Animal %%Pun
Do you want to hear two short jokes and a long joke? Joke! Joke! Jooooooooooooooooke. %%Joke Structure %%Play on Words
What do you call cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese! %%Food %%Pun
Why can’t you send a duck to space? Because the bill would be astronomical! %%Animal %%Pun %%Space
What side of a tree grows the most branches? The outside! %%Nature %%Trick Question
What happened when the world’s tongue-twister champion got arrested? They gave him a tough sentence. %%Pun %%Wordplay
Why did an old man fall in a well? Because he couldn’t see that well! %%Pun %%Old Age
Did you hear about that person who was afraid of jumping a hurdle? They got over it! %%Pun %%Overcome Fear
What did the photon say to the hotel bellhop? No luggage, I’m traveling light! %%Science %%Pun
Why did the coffee go to the police? To report a mugging! %%Food %%Pun %%Crime
What’s the difference between a dad joke and a bad joke? The direction of the first letter. %%Self-referential %%Pun
I have a joke about putting in a light bulb, but I’m afraid I’ll screw it up. %%Self-referential %%Pun
I have a joke about chemistry, but I don’t think it’ll get a reaction. %%Science %%Pun %%Self-referential
I have a joke about banking, but I lost interest. %%Finance %%Pun %%Self-referential
I have a joke about cows, but I don’t want to milk it. %%Animal %%Pun %%Self-referential
I have a joke about kites, but it would just sail over your head. %%Pun %%Self-referential
I have a scary joke about math, but I’m 2² to say it. %%Math %%Pun %%Self-referential
I have a joke about construction, but I’m still working on it. %%Construction %%Pun %%Self-referential
I have a joke about time travel, but you guys didn’t get it. %%Time Travel %%Pun %%Self-referential
I have a joke about being an electrician, but it’s too shocking. %%Electricity %%Pun %%Self-referential
I have a joke about hunting for fossils, but you probably wouldn’t dig it. %%Archaeology %%Pun %%Self-referential
I have a joke about a broken pencil, but it’s pointless. %%School Supplies %%Pun %%Self-referential
I have a joke about the flu, but I hope you don’t get it. %%Health %%Pun %%Self-referential
I have a joke about statistics, but it’s not significant. %%Statistics %%Pun %%Self-referential
I have a joke about pizza, but it’s too cheesy. %%Food %%Pun %%Self-referential
I have a joke about nepotism, but I’ll only give it to my kids. %%Family %%Self-referential
I have a joke about butter, but I’m not going to spread it. %%Food %%Pun %%Self-referential
I have a joke about a roof, but it would just go over your head. %%Pun %%Self-referential
I have a joke about inferiority complexes, but it’s not very good. %%Self-referential %%Meta
I have a joke about procrastination, but I’ll tell it to you later. %%Procrastination %%Self-referential
Why does Marvel advertise The Hulk the most? Because he’s basically one big Banner! %%Pop Culture %%Pun
What’s E.T. short for? Because he’s only got tiny legs! %%Pop Culture %%Pun %%Shortness
What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback! %%Music %%Pun
I poured root beer in a square glass. Now I just have beer. %%Food %%Pun
I had a dream about being a muffler. I woke up exhausted. %%Car Parts %%Pun
Talk is cheap until you talk to a lawyer. %%Lawyer %%Pun
A pony with a cough is just a little horse. %%Animal %%Pun
It takes guts to be an organ donor. %%Body Parts %%Pun
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word! %%Technology %%Pun
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans. %%Celebrity %%Pun
What’s Forrest Gump’s Facebook password? 1forest1. %%Pop Culture %%Pun
What did the fisherman say to the magician? Pick a cod, any cod. %%Fishing %%Pun
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. %%Food %%Pun
How do you organize a space party? You planet. %%Space %%Pun
Did you know that milk is the fastest liquid on earth? It’s pasteurized before you can even see it. %%Food %%Pun
What does a baby computer call his father? Data. %%Technology %%Pun
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted. %%Animal %%Pun
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? 10 tickles. %%Animal
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad. %%Animal %%Pun
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web. %%Animal %%Pun %%Technology
It’s inappropriate to make a dad joke if you’re not a dad. It’s a faux pa. %%Self-referential %%Faux Pa
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. %%Space %%Pun
Air used to be free at the gas station. Now it’s $1.50. You know why? Inflation. %%Inflation
When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime. %%Unexpected %%Crime
I’ll call you later. Don’t call me later, call me Dad! %%Parenting %%Pun
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent. %%Self-referential
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh. %%Animal %%Pun
What kind of drink can be bitter and sweet? Reali-tea. %%Food %%Pun
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they golfing? In case they get a hole in one! %%Fathers Day %%Sports %%Pun
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera. %%Bathroom %%Pun
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is. %%Food %%Pun %%Travel
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe. %%Food %%Pun
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens. %%Food %%Pun %%Cars
Why did the picture get arrested? It got framed. %%Art %%Pun %%Crime
Why do M&Ms go to school? Because they want to be a Smartie. %%Food %%Pun %%School
Knock knock. Who’s there? Tank. Tank who? You’re welcome. %%Knock knock %%Pun
How do you protect a bagel? Lox it up! %%Food %%Pun
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs! %%Self-referential
Why did the stadium get hot after the game? All of the fans left. %%Sports %%Pun
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints. %%Pop Culture %%Pun
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this. %%Math %%Pun
I found a wooden shoe in my toilet today. It was clogged. %%Clogged Toilet
I just broke up with my mathematician girlfriend. She was obsessed with an X. %%Math %%Pun %%Relationship
I can’t take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog. %%Animal %%Pun
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word. %%Technology %%Pun
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1. %%Pop Culture %%Pun
I used to run a dating service for chickens. But I was struggling to make hens meet. %%Animal %%Pun %%Relationship
If prisoners could take their own mug shots…They’d be called cellfies. %%Pun %%Crime
Have you heard about those new corduroy pillows? They’re making headlines. %%Home Goods %%Pun
If a pig loses its voice…does it become disgruntled? %%Animal %%Pun
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It’s tearable. %%Pun %%Paper
A panic-stricken man explained to his doctor, You have to help me, I think I’m shrinking. Now settle down, the doctor calmly told him. You’ll just have to learn to be a little patient. %%Health %%Pun
A buddy asked how many fish I caught. I told him it’s not polite to fish and tell. %%Fishing %%Pun
How many clickbait articles does it take to change a lightbulb? The answer will shock you! %%Internet Culture %%Pun
How do you make a water bed bouncier? Add spring water. %%Home Goods %%Pun
I always knock on the fridge door before opening it, just in case there’s a salad dressing. %%Food %%Habit
Where do dads store their dad jokes? In the dad-a-base. %%Self-referential %%Pun
What kind of fruit do ghosts like? Boo-berries. %%Halloween %%Food %%Pun
I tried to start a professional hide and seek team, but it didn’t work out. Turns out, good players are hard to find. %%Games %%Pun
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent. %%Self-referential
My daughter just shrieked at me, Daaaaaad, you haven’t listened to a word I’ve said, have you? What an odd way to begin a conversation. %%Unexpected %%Parenting
I have a great joke about nepotism. But I’ll only tell it to my kids. %%Family %%Self-referential
Dad, can you explain to me what a solar eclipse is? No sun. %%Space %%Wordplay %%Short
What happened when the ten-year-old cannibal spilled his soup? His mother gave him an earful. %%Dark Humor %%Pun
I’d like to have kids one day. I don’t think I could stand them any longer than that, though. %%Parenting %%Self-deprecating
I’m writing a book about glue, but I’m stuck on the first chapter. %%Writing %%Pun
What did one plate whisper to the other plate? Dinner is on me. %%Food %%Pun
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one. %%Sports %%Pun
Two sheep walk into a—baaaa. %%Animal %%Pun %%Short
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter. %%Unexpected %%Practical Advice
Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it. %%Food %%Diet %%Observation
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to go spreading it! %%Food %%Pun
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1 %%Pop Culture %%Pun
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota. %%Geography %%Pun %%Wordplay
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business. %%Food %%Pun
If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef? %%Food %%Wordplay
I have a clean conscious—it’s never been used. %%Self-deprecating
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs. %%Self-referential
Can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? Of course, houses can’t jump. %%Animal %%Trick Question
Why did the scarecrow win an award? He was outstanding in his field. %%Pun
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback! %%Music %%Pun
How many telemarketers does it take to change a light bulb? Only one, but he has to do it during dinner. %%Unexpected %%Annoyance
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. All the others are weekdays. %%Wordplay %%Observation
What did the seal with one fin say to the shark? If seal is broken, do not consume. %%Animal %%Pun %%Safety
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it. %%Pun %%Advice
How do you measure the mass of an influencer’s following? By Instagrams! %%Social Media %%Pun
How do you stop a bull from charging? Cancel its credit card. %%Animal %%Unexpected
Am I the only man my wife has ever dated? Unfortunately, yes, she said the others were all nines or tens! %%Relationship %%Self-deprecating
What’s the difference between a man’s wallet before and after kids? There are pictures where the money used to be. %%Parenting %%Observation
Why did the pony ask for a glass of water? Because it was a little horse. %%Animal %%Pun
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1 %%Pop Culture %%Pun
I tell dad jokes, but I don’t have any kids. I’m a faux pa. %%Self-referential %%Faux Pa
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business. %%Food %%Pun
How can you mend a broken pumpkin? Use a pumpkin patch. %%Halloween %%Pun
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest? %%Pun %%Parenting
Why do dads feel the need to tell such bad jokes? They just want to help you become a groan up. %%Self-referential %%Pun
I know a lot of jokes about retired people, but none of them work. %%Retirement %%Pun
The difference between a numerator and a denominator is a short line. Only a fraction of people will understand this. %%Math %%Pun
After dinner, my wife asked if I could clear the table. I needed a running start, but I made it. %%Pun %%Household Chores
This morning, Siri said, Don’t call me Shirley. I accidentally left my phone in Airplane mode. %%Technology %%Pop Culture %%Pun
Why couldn’t the green pepper practice archery? Because it didn’t habanero. %%Food %%Pun
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso. %%Food %%Pun
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs. %%Self-referential
A guy walked into a bar and saw a horse serving drinks. The horse asks, What are you staring at? Haven’t you ever seen a horse tending bar before? The guy says, It’s not that. I just never thought the parrot would sell the place. %%Bar %%Animal %%Unexpected
Wanna hear a joke about construction? Well, you’ll have to wait—I’m still working on it. %%Construction %%Pun %%Self-referential
A guy goes to his doctor because he can see into the future. The doctor asks him, How long have you suffered from that condition? The guy tells him, Since next Monday. %%Time %%Unexpected
What rock group has four men that don’t sing? Mount Rushmore. %%Music %%Geography %%Pun
Why is it a bad idea to iron your four-leaf clover? Cause you shouldn’t press your luck. %%St. Patrick’s day %%Pun
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon. I’ll let you know. %%Food %%Unexpected
I can’t take my dog to the pond anymore because the ducks keep attacking him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog. %%Animal %%Pun
What’s the difference between a poorly-dressed man on a tricycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire. %%Pun %%Wordplay
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint. %%Pun %%Business
Last night I had a dream that I weighed less than a thousandth of a gram. I was like, 0mg. %%Science %%Pun %%Short
A cheese factory exploded in France. Da brie is everywhere. %%Food %%Pun
I was really angry at my friend Mark for stealing my dictionary. I told him, Mark, my words. %%Friendship %%Pun
How does Moses make his coffee? Hebrews it. %%Religion %%Pun
What’s ET short for? Because he’s only got tiny legs. %%Pop Culture %%Pun %%Shortness
If you see a robbery at an Apple Store does that make you an iWitness? %%Technology %%Pun %%Crime
My wife told me I had to stop acting like a flamingo so I had to put my foot down. %%Animal %%Pun %%Relationship
I thought about going on an all-almond diet but that’s just nuts. %%Food %%Pun %%Diet
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids… I’m a faux pa. %%Self-referential %%Faux Pa
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb. %%Animal %%Pun
Why do Dads take an extra pair of socks when they go golfing? In case they get a hole-in-one. %%Fathers Day %%Sports %%Pun
Why couldn’t the astronaut land on the moon? Because it was full. %%Space %%Pun
Why do dogs float in water? Because they are good buoys. %%Animal %%Pun
What did the accountant say while auditing a document? This is taxing. %%Fathers Day %%Finance %%Pun
Why did the orange stop halfway across the road? It ran out of juice. %%Fathers Day %%Cross the road %%Food %%Pun
Why did the Oreo go to the dentist? It lost its filling. %%Fathers Day %%Food %%Pun
How do pigs wake up their dad on Father’s Day? With plenty of hogs and kisses. %%Fathers Day %%Animal %%Pun
Why are fish so smart? Because they swim in schools. %%Fathers Day %%Animal %%Pun
Why should you never use a dull pencil? Because it’s pointless. %%Fathers Day %%School Supplies %%Pun
Did you hear about the cheese factory that got blown up? Da brie was everywhere. %%Fathers Day %%Food %%Pun
What do you call a fish wearing a bow tie? Sofishticated.
Why did the man sprinkle sugar on his pillow on New Year’s Eve? He wanted to start the year with sweet dreams. %%New Year
How do you motivate a cat? Remind them to stay paws-ative. %%Cat
What flowers get the most kisses on Valentine’s Day? Tulips (two-lips). %%Valentine’s Day
What’s stranger than a talking cat? A spelling bee. %%Cat
Why was the gossip disliked at the coffee shop? She always spilled the tea.
I’m so bored at work because all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
Why can’t you surprise reindeer? Because they’ve herd it all. %%Christmas
What goes up when April showers come down? An umbrella. %%Spring
What is a scarecrow’s favorite fruit? Straw-berries.
How do you get a country girl’s attention? A tractor.
How do you deal with a fear of speed bumps? You slowly get over it.
What do you get when you cross a vampire and a snowman? Frostbite. %%Halloween
What do you call a mac ’n’ cheese that gets all up in your face? Too close for comfort food.
I have a joke about procrastination, but I’ll tell it to you later.
For Father’s Day, my dad asked for a gift with no strings attached. So I bought him a broken guitar. %%Fathers Day
Why is grass so dangerous? Because it’s full of blades.
How does Peter Cottontail deliver all his eggs in one night? I don’t know, but it’s probably Easter said than done. %%Easter
What concert would cost only 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!
I’m so good at sleeping that I can do it with my eyes closed!
How do you find Will Smith in a snowstorm? You look for fresh prints.
How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it.
Where does Dracula keep his money? At the blood bank. %%Halloween
Did somebunny say “Easter”? %%Easter
What’s long and green and only shows up once a year? The St. Patrick’s Day parade. %%St. Patrick’s day
What does every birthday end with? The letter Y. %%Birthday
Do pirates enjoy fighting? Sword of... %%Pirate
What’s the luckiest band to listen to on New Year’s Day? Black-Eyed Peas %%New Year
Do you want to hear two short jokes and a long joke? Joke! Joke! Jooooooooooooooooke.
I have a joke about construction, but I’m still working on it.
What did the sapphire’s best friend tell her? You’re a real gem.
How do billboards talk to each other? Sign language.
Have your elf a merry little Christmas. %%Christmas
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it!
Keep the dream alive, and hit the snooze button.
What did Santa do when his sleigh broke down? He got it mistle-toed. %%Christmas
What’s a donkey’s favorite party game? Pin the tail on the human.
What kind of music should you listen to while fishing? Something catchy! %%Fathers Day
Did you hear about the red and blue ships that collided? All the sailors were marooned.
I want to make a brief joke, but it’s a little cheesy.
I accidentally dropped my pillow on the floor. I think it has a concushion.
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Aisle. Aisle who? Aisle be seeing you on Groundhog Day. %%Groundhog Day %%Knock knock
What did the daddy buffalo say to his son when he left for camp? Bison.
Dyeing eggs: Easter said than done. %%Easter
What is a polar bear’s favourite type of fast food? Ice berg-ers.
I tell dad jokes, but I don’t have any kids. I’m a faux pa.
I spent a lot of time, money, and effort childproofing my house, but the kids still get in.
If you see a robbery at an Apple store, does that make you an iWitness?
I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it’s just a bug that’s going around.
What do you call monkeys with a shared Amazon account? Prime mates.
You and I are just two peeps in a pod. %%Easter
8 vowels, 11 consonants, an exclamation mark, and a comma appeared in court today. They are due to be sentenced next week. %%Wordplay
I didn’t get a haircut, I got them all cut.
I promise not to make any bad jokes for the rest of the year. %%New Year
I know a surgeon who puts organs back in upside down. I told him that’s not funny, but he said it was an inside joke.
Did you hear the joke about experiencing déjà vu? Did you hear the joke about experiencing déjà vu?
Where do leprechauns play baseball? In a little league. %%St. Patrick’s day
I have a joke about pizza, but it’s really cheesy.
How does a brain say Hello? With a brain wave.
Why shouldn’t you tell an egg a joke? It’ll crack up.
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips.
I hate my job — all I do is crush cans all day. It’s soda pressing.
What are the strongest days of the week? Saturday and Sunday. All the others are weekdays.
Where do armies belong? In your sleeves.
Why did the bear need to take a break? – He just likes to paws and reflect.
My dog accidentally swallowed a bunch of Scrabble tiles. I think this could spell disaster.
What did the kids say about the fireworks on New Year’s? They were a blast. %%New Year
How much money is it to park Santa’s sleigh? Nothing. It’s on the house.
Did you hear about the aquatic sea mammals that escaped from the zoo? It was otter chaos.
Why did the pirate get lost? He wasn’t shore which way to go. %%Pirate
On Valentine’s Day, what did the calculator say to the pencil? You can count on me. %%Valentine’s Day
Stop looking for the perfect match…use a lighter.
I have a great joke about nepotism. But I’ll only tell it to my kids.
Why don’t phones ever go hungry? They have plenty of apps to choose from.
How did the dad prank his daughter using fake dog poop on April Fools Day? He told her to look out for her new sham-poo in the shower. %%April Fools %%Pun
Scientists have discovered what is believed to be the world’s largest bedsheet. More on this story as it unfolds. %%Pun
What do you call a bear that is missing his ears? B. %%Animal %%Pun %%Short
What did one cannibal say to the other while they were eating a clown? Does this taste funny to you? %%Dark Humor %%Pun
You put a hop in my step. %%Easter
Do you know the story about the chicken that crossed the border? Me neither, I couldn’t follow it. %%Animal %%Pun
Why do cats make good comedians? They’re hiss-terical. %%Cat
Knock, knock! Who’s there? Avery. Avery who? Avery Merry Christmas to you! %%Knock knock %%Christmas
A man walks into a bar. The bartender asks, What do you want? The man says, Oh, just some fruit punch. The bartender sighs and shakes his head, If you want punch, you’re gonna have to wait in line. The man looks around, but there is no punchline. %%Anti-joke
Hey there, hop stuff! %%Easter
I invented a new word today: Plagiarism.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it’s a little cheesy.
What has more letters than the alphabet? The post office!
Where was the dripping coming from in the fridge? The leeks.
I have a joke about cows, but I don’t want to milk it.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing. It just waved. %%Beach
A joke becomes a dad joke once it is apparent.
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands.
What do you call an angry carrot? A steamed veggie. %%Food
When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime.
Why did the picture go to jail? He was framed.
Chick this out! %%Easter
What’s the best way to catch a catfish? Have someone throw it to you. %%Cat
How can you tell if a chicken’s the boss? There’s a pecking order. %%Easter
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent.
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they golfing? In case they get a hole in one!
How do you hire a leprechaun for St. Patrick’s Day? Put him on a ladder. %%St. Patrick’s day
Why can’t a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot. %%Body Parts %%Pun
What did the man say after the elephant got off of his brain? That’s a load off my mind. %%Animal %%Pun
Why didn’t Han Solo like his burger? It was too Chewie. %%Pop Culture %%Pun
I know a bunch of good jokes about umbrellas, but they usually go over people’s heads. %%Pun
We’re all just one, big hoppy family. %%Easter
I got fired from my job as a taxi driver. It turns out nobody thought I was fare. %%Transportation %%Pun
I had a happy childhood. My dad used to put me in tires and roll me down hills. Those were Goodyears. %%Nostalgia %%Pun
How much did the pirate pay for his peg and hook? An arm and a leg %%Pirate
Why can’t a leopard hide? He’s always spotted.
How can you tell if your Irish jokes are funny? Everyone’s Dublin over in laughter. %%St. Patrick’s day
What do cats wear to bed? Paw-jamas. %%Cat
Why did the alcoholic pirate stop drinking? Because he’d rum out! %%Pirate
Why did the computer have no money left? Someone cleaned out its cache!
I used to fill my tires for free, but now it costs a dollar. I guess that’s the inflation everyone’s talking about.
What does Jeff Bezos do before he goes to sleep? He puts his PJ-Amazon. %%Pop Culture %%Pun
When is a car not a car? When it turns into a driveway! %%Cars %%Pun
What’s a vampire’s favorite holiday? Fangs-giving. %%Thanksgiving %%Halloween %%Pun
Why did the football coach go to the bank? He wanted to get his quarter back. %%Fathers Day %%Sports %%Pun
How did Benjamin Franklin feel when he discovered electricity? He was shocked! %%History %%Pun
How do you hire Santa Claus? Put him on a ladder. %%Christmas
What is the difference between a literalist and a kleptomaniac? %%Wordplay
What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it’s a little cheesy. %%Food
Gotta go, buffalo %%Goodbye
I had a joke about canned juice, but I couldn’t concentrate.
What did the ghost say on January 1? Happy Boo Year %%New Year
When does a joke become a dad joke? When the punchline is apparent! %%Fathers Day
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch.
My wife said, You weren’t even listening, were you? And I thought, that’s a pretty weird way to start a conversation.
I don’t get why Marvel doesn’t use the Hulk to advertise more. He’s basically one big Banner.
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents! %%General %%Pun
How do you catch a squirrel? Climb a tree and act like a nut! %%Animal %%Pun
Did you hear about the guy who invented Lifesavers? They say he made a mint! %%General %%Pun
I told my wife she should embrace her mistakes. She gave me a hug. %%Relationship %%Pun
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They might crack up! %%Food %%Pun
What did the big flower say to the little flower? "Hi, bud!" %%Nature %%Pun
I went to buy some camouflage pants, but I couldn’t find any. %%General %%Observational
What did the grape say when it got stepped on? Nothing, it just let out a little wine. %%Food %%Pun
I used to have a job at a calendar factory, but I got fired because I took a couple of days off. %%Work %%Pun
What do you call a snowman with a six-pack? An abdominal snowman! %%Holiday %%Pun
Why don’t skeletons fight each other? They don’t have the guts! %%Halloween %%Pun
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere! %%Space %%Pun
What did one wall say to the other wall? I’ll meet you at the corner! %%General %%Pun
Why did the math book look sad? Because it had too many problems! %%School %%Pun
What did one hat say to the other hat? You stay here, I’ll go on ahead! %%General %%Pun
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged! %%Food %%Pun
I was going to tell you a joke about time travel, but you didn’t like it. %%General %%Meta
I used to be a baker, but I couldn’t make enough dough. %%Food %%Work %%Pun
Did you hear about the guy who got hit in the head with a can of soda? He was lucky it was a soft drink. %%General %%Pun
I’m writing a book about glue, but I’m stuck on the first chapter. %%General %%Meta %%Pun
What did one plate whisper to the other plate? Dinner is on me. %%Food %%Pun
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one. %%Sports %%Pun
Two sheep walk into a—baaaa. %%Animal %%Pun
Stop looking for the perfect match; use a lighter. %%General %%Pun
Try the seafood diet—you see food, then you eat it. %%Food %%Observational %%Pun
Did you hear the rumor about butter? Well, I’m not going to go spreading it! %%Food %%Pun
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1 %%Pop Culture %%Pun
What state is known for its small drinks? Minnesota. %%Geography %%Pun
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business. %%Food %%
Pun If two vegetarians get in an argument, is it still called beef? %%Food %%Pun
I have a clean conscious—it’s never been used. %%General %%Pun
I love telling Dad jokes. Sometimes, he even laughs. %%General %%Meta %%Observational
How do you stop a bull from charging? Cancel its credit card. %%Animal %%Pun
Am I the only man my wife has ever dated? Unfortunately, yes, she said the others were all nines or tens! %%Relationship %%Observational
What’s the difference between a man’s wallet before and after kids? There are pictures where the money used to be. %%Family %%Observational
I haven’t spoken to my wife in four years. I thought it would be rude to interrupt her! %%Relationship %%Observational
I wish my gray hair started in Las Vegas because what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas. %%General %%Pun
How do you follow Will Smith in the Mud? Follow the fresh prints. %%Pop Culture %%Pun
My kid is blaming me for ruining their birthday. That’s ridiculous, I didn’t even know it was today! %%Family %%Observational
My kid gave me a ’World’s Best Dad’ mug. At least she inherited my sense of humor. %%Family %%Meta %%Observational
When a toddler reaches the "why?" stage, it’s like opening a bottle of champagne—once it’s uncorked, there’s no going back. %%Family %%Observational
What’s 90 degrees but covered with ice? The North and South Poles. %%Geography %%Pun
What happened when the blue ship and the red ship collided at sea? Their crews were marooned. %%Transportation %%Pun
What’s the difference between the bird flu and the swine flu? One requires tweetment and the other an oinkment. %%Health %%Animal %%Pun
What do you call a line of men waiting to get haircuts? A barberqueue. %%Work %%Pun
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? If they flew over the bay, they would be bagels. %%Animal %%Food %%Pun
I’m thinking I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward. %%Health %%Pun
What did the baby corn say to the mama corn? Where’s popcorn? %%Food %%Pun
What vegetable is cool, but not that cool? Radish. %%Food %%Pun
What do you call two monkeys who share an Amazon Prime account? Prime mates. %%Animal %%Technology %%Pun
You can’t spell par entry without "try." %%Sports %%Pun %%Meta
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Un-bee-lievable. %%Animal %%Pun
Why did the football coach go to the bank? To get his quarter back. %%Sports %%Work %%Pun
Why can’t a leopard hide? He’s always spotted. %%Animal %%Pun
Air used to be free at the gas station, now it costs 2.50. You want to know why? Inflation. %%General %%Observational
I tried to get a smart car the other day but they sold out too fast. Why? I guess I’m just a bit slow. %%Transportation %%Observational %%Pun
Did you hear about the claustrophobic astronaut? He just wanted a bit more space. %%Space %%Pun
Why did the orange lose the race? It ran out of juice. %%Food %%Pun
How you fix a broken pumpkin? With a pumpkin patch. %%Food %%Holiday %%Pun
Why are fish so smart? They live in schools! %%Animal %%Pun
What’s the best thing about Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus. %%Geography %%Pun
Why did the man fall down the well? Because he couldn’t see that well! %%General %%Pun
Why do peppers make such good archers? Because they habanero. %%Food %%Pun
What did the sink tell the toilet? You look flushed! %%General %%Pun
Where do boats go when they’re sick? To the dock. %%Transportation %%Pun
What has ears but cannot hear? A cornfield! %%Nature %%Pun
Can February March? No, but April May! %%Time %%Pun
Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 7 ate nine! %%Math %%Pun
I’m so good at sleeping that I do it with my eyes closed. %%General %%Observational
What do you call a pencil with two erasers? Pointless. %%School %%Pun
Did you hear the one about the roof? Never mind, it’s over your head. %%General %%Pun
What’s brown and sticky? A stick. %%General %%Descriptive
I hated facial hair but then it grew on me. %%General %%Observational
It really takes guts to be an organ donor. %%Health %%Pun
What did the plumber say to the singer? Nice pipes. %%Work %%Pun
Why’d the fisherman order the halibut? Just for the halibut! %%Food %%Work %%Pun
Why is Peter Pan always flying? Because he Neverlands. %%Pop Culture %%Pun
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer. %%Animal %%Work %%Pun
How do you throw a party in outer space? You planet. %%Space %%Pun
Why was the broom late to class? It over-swept. %%Work %%School %%Pun
How do you make an octopus laugh? With ten-tickles! %%Animal %%Pun
What do you say to a rabbit on its birthday? Hoppy Birthday! %%Animal %%Holiday %%Pun
What type of tree fits in your hand? A palm tree. %%Nature %%Pun
Why couldn’t the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired! %%Transportation %%Pun
Wanna hear a joke about construction? I’m still workin’ on it! %%Work %%Meta
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta. %%Food %%Pun
How does a lawyer say goodbye? I’ll be suing ya! %%Work %%Pun
You can’t trust atoms. They make up everything! %%Science %%Pun
What made the tomato blush? It saw the salad dressing. %%Food %%Pun
Can I dive in this pool? It deep-ends. %%General %%Pun
What did the buffalo say to its son when he left? Bison! %%Animal %%Pun
Why do vampires always seem sick? They’re coffin. %%Halloween %%Pun
What musical instrument do you find in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste! %%Music %%Pun
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island. %%Geography %%Pun
How do astronomers organize a party? They planet. %%Space %%Work %%Pun
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb. %%Animal %%Pun
Why do melons have weddings? They cantaloupe! %%Food %%Pun
What did the police officer say to her belly button? You’re under a vest! %%Work %%Pun
What do you call a fibbing cat? A lion. %%Animal %%Pun
If a child refuses to nap, are they guilty of resisting a rest? %%Family %%Pun
The coach went to the bank to get his quarterback. %%Sports %%Work %%Pun
I asked my dog what’s two minus two. He said nothing. %%Animal %%Math %%Observational
The first thing Santa’s elves learn in school is their elf-abet. %%Holiday %%School %%Pun
Ghosts are bad liars because you can see right through them. %%Halloween %%Pun
Shouldn’t the “roof” of your mouth actually be called the ceiling? %%General %%Observational
All vampires keep their money in a special place—the blood bank. %%Halloween %%Pun
The pony couldn’t sing because it was a little horse. %%Animal %%Pun
RIP boiling water, you will be mist. %%General %%Pun
I told my doctor I heard buzzing, but she said it’s just a bug that’s going around. %%Health %%Pun
I ate a clock the other day. It was very time consuming. %%General %%Pun
I once wrote a song about a tortilla, but it’s more of a wrap. %%Food %%Music %%Pun
You can tell it’s a dogwood tree from its bark. %%Nature %%Pun
When does a joke turn into a dad joke? When it becomes apparent. %%Meta %%Observational
They say that 3/2 people are bad at fractions. %%Math %%Pun
Why were the utensils stuck together? They were spooning. %%Food %%Pun
How do celebrities stay cool? They have many fans. %%Pop Culture %%Pun
Why did the picture go to prison? Because it was framed. %%General %%Pun
How does a hurricane see? With one eye. %%Nature %%Pun
Where do polar bears keep their money? The snow bank. %%Animal %%Pun
What’s a tornado’s favorite game? Twister! %%Nature %%Pun
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. %%Space %%Pun
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious. %%Nature %%Pun
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel. %%General %%Riddle
What did the banana say to the boy? Nothing, bananas can’t talk! %%Food %%Observational
What rock group has four men who don’t sing? Mount Rushmore. %%Pop Culture %%Pun
My boss told me to have a good day, so I went home! %%Work %%Observational
What do you call cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese. %%Food %%Pun
"Did you get your haircut?" No, I got them all cut. %%General %%Pun
I was wondering why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me. %%General %%Pun
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind. It’s tearable. %%General %%Pun
How many apples grow on a tree? All of them! %%Food %%Observational
I talk to myself because sometimes I just need expert advice. %%General %%Observational
I used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey until I turned myself around. %%General %%Pun
What do you call someone who tells dad jokes but isn’t a dad? A faux pa. %%Meta %%Pun
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it’s a little cheesy. %%Food %%Pun
If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness? %%Technology %%Pun
Why couldn’t the dad help his son put his shoes on? They weren’t the dad’s size! %%Family %%Observational
Why do parents always say, "Because I said so?" "Because science" isn’t always a good enough explanation. %%Family %%Observational
Some graduate with honors, I am just honored my kids graduated. %%Family %%Observational
I told my son I was going to buy him a book on procrastination, but I keep putting it off. %%Family %%Meta %%Observational
I told my kids they can be anything they want when they grow up, as long as it’s not taller than me. %%Family %%Observational
My kid told me a joke about boxing. I guess I missed the punch line. %%Family %%Sports %%Meta %%Pun
What do you call a cow that just gave birth? De-calf-inated. %%Animal %%Pun
I used to think I was a morning person, but then I had kids. Now, I’m more of a "give me all the coffee" person. %%Family %%Food %%Observational
What parenting style do dads like best? Improvising! %%Family %%Pun
I told my kids to stop playing with their food. So they started playing with their plate instead. %%Family %%Observational
Being a parent means never having a moment to yourself—even in the bathroom. %%Family %%Observational
It’s spicy: universal dad code for "I don’t want to share." %%Family %%Food %%Observational
My kids should have been born in a different decade because it’s cheaper by the dozen. %%Family %%Observational
I’m not a helicopter parent... I’m just surveilling with love! %%Family %%Pun
I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust! %%General %%Pun
I was going to make a joke about the old bed, but then it fell apart. %%General %%Observational
Why are dads bad detectives? Because they only find the evidence after the crime has been committed. %%Family %%Observational
I’m my kids’ favorite person to overthink things with. %%Family %%Observational
Note to all dads of teens, keep a dog. That way someone is excited to see you! %%Family %%Animal %%Observational
What’s it like to have the best son in the world? You’ll have to ask grandpa! %%Family %%Observational
Why do dads like bitter drinks? They’ve been served a cold glass of reali-tea. %%Family %%Food %%Pun
Why pay a therapist when you have a dad? %%Family %%Observational
I asked dad if he could make me a burger. He replied by saying, "Wallah! You’re a burger!" %%Family %%Food %%Pun
Why is the accountant also good at being a parent? Having kids is taxing! %%Family %%Work %%Pun
What did the drummer call his two daughters? Anna One, Anna Two! %%Music %%Pun
I’ve learned that parenting is a lot like playing Whac-A-Mole. Just when you think you’ve got one problem solved, another one pops up. %%Family %%Observational
Honey, stop looking for the perfect match… use a lighter. %%Relationship %%Pun
Our wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers! %%Relationship %%Pun
I tried to teach my kids about taxes, but they just responded with, "That sounds like a you problem." %%Family %%Observational
We have the perfect dad-son relationship. You’re my son, and I’m perfect! %%Family %%Observational
I love all my children the same. Except for the one that sleeps… I love that one more. %%Family %%Observational
If I ever go missing, just follow my kids. They can find me wherever I try to hide! %%Family %%Observational
I’ve been thinking about taking up meditation. I figure it’s better than sitting around doing nothing! %%General %%Observational
Cleaning with children in the house is like brushing your teeth while eating Oreos. %%Family %%Observational
Son: "Dad, can I get $20?" Dad: "Does it look like I make dollars every day?" Son: "Well, isn’t that what D.A.D stands for?" %%Family %%Pun
I always have a take on everything. My wife calls my explanations dadsplaining. %%Family %%Meta %%Observational
Why do dad feel the need to tell such bad jokes? We just want to help you become a groan up. %%Meta %%Observational
My wife asked me to get 6 cans of Sprite at the store. I realized when I got home that I had picked 7Up. %%Family %%Observational
Some days you question your parenting. Other days, you have to question your child’s childing. %%Family %%Observational
What does the dad diet consist of? All of the foods his kids can’t finish. %%Family %%Food %%Observational
My kids: 3 out of 5 stars, could have been a bit quieter. %%Family %%Meta %%Observational
How old are you again? I’ve lost track at this point. %%Family %%Observational
If being a parent were a job, I’d be the CEO of chaos management. %%Family %%Work %%Observational
I smile because I’m your dad, but I laugh because there’s nothing you can do about it! %%Family %%Observational
First child eats dirt, dad calls the doctor. Second child eats dirt, dad cleans out their mouth. Third child eats dirt, dad wonders if she still needs to make lunch. %%Family %%Observational
How many dads does it take to get you to clean your room? One, but it takes 18 years! %%Family %%Observational
Silence is golden. Unless you have kids, then silence is suspicious. %%Family %%Observational
How do you weigh a millennial? In Instagrams. %%Pop Culture %%Pun
Why do some couples go to the gym together? Because they want their relationship to work out. %%Relationship %%Health %%Pun
Are my kids perfect? No, but we can blame mom for that one! %%Family %%Observational
I spent a lot of time, money, and effort childproofing my house… but the kids still get in. %%Family %%Observational
Why is it a bad idea to iron your four-leaf clover? ‘Cause you shouldn’t press your luck. %%Holiday %%Pun
What do you call a beehive without an exit? Unbelievable. %%Animal %%Pun
Why do vampires seem sick? They’re always coffin. %%Halloween %%Pun
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together! %%Animal %%Pun
Which days are the strongest? Saturday and Sunday. The rest are weekdays. %%Time %%Pun
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta! %%Food %%Pun
What happens when it rains cats and dogs? You have to be careful not to step in a poodle. %%Animal %%Weather %%Pun
I remember as a kid, my dad got fired from his job as a road worker for theft. I refused to believe he could do such a thing, but when I got home, the signs were all there. %%Family %%Work %%Pun
We all know about Murphy’s Law: anything that can go wrong will go wrong. But have you heard of Cole’s Law? It’s thinly sliced cabbage. %%Food %%Pun
I don’t trust stairs. They are always up to something. %%General %%Observational
What’s the difference between a poorly dressed man on a tricycle and a well-dressed man on a bicycle? Attire. %%Transportation %%Pun
What do you call cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho Cheese. %%Food %%Pun
I’m afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered. %%General %%Pun
You think swimming with sharks is expensive? Swimming with sharks cost me an arm and a leg. %%Animal %%Pun
Do you want a box for your leftovers? No, but I’ll wrestle you for them. %%Food %%Observational
What do you call a pony with a sore throat? A little hoarse. %%Animal %%Pun
How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh? Nothing, it’s on the house. %%Holiday %%Pun
Don’t trust atoms. They make up everything! %%Science %%Pun
I wouldn’t buy anything with velcro. It’s a total rip-off. %%General %%Pun
Why are skeletons so calm? Because nothing gets under their skin. %%Halloween %%Pun
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere! %%Space %%Pun
The rotation of the earth really makes my day. %%Science %%Pun
Why do dogs float in water? Because they are good buoys. %%Animal %%Pun
When does a joke become a dad joke? When it becomes apparent. %%Meta %%Observational
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines. But catscan. %%Animal %%Work %%Pun
I wondered why the frisbee kept getting bigger and bigger. Then it hit me. %%General %%Pun
Why did the coach go to the bank? To get his quarterback. %%Sports %%Work %%Pun
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they golfing? In case they get a hole-in-one! %%Sports %%Pun
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera. %%General %%Pun
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is. %%Food %%Geography %%Pun
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe. %%Food %%Pun
What kind of cars do eggs drive? Yolkswagens. %%Food %%Transportation %%Pun
Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog. %%Animal %%Pun
I stayed up all night and tried to figure out where the sun was. Then it dawned on me. %%General %%Pun
Why does Snoop Dogg always carry an umbrella? Fo’ Drizzle. %%Pop Culture %%Pun
Once I ate a fancy Italian restaurant. It cost a pretty penne. %%Food %%Pun
Why did the gym close down? It just didn’t work out. %%Health %%Pun
Two artists had an art contest. It ended in a draw. %%Art %%Pun
What kind of music do mummies listen to? Wrap. %%Halloween %%Music %%Pun
Why did the car get a flat tire? Because there was a fork in the road! %%Transportation %%Pun
What do you call a cold puppy? A chili dog. %%Animal %%Food %%Pun
Did you hear the sausage joke? It’s the wurst. %%Food %%Pun
Where are average things manufactured? The Satisfactory. %%General %%Pun
How can you tell it’s a dogwood tree? From the bark. %%Nature %%Pun
Why did the woman go on the date with the mushroom? Because he was a fun-ghi. %%Food %%Pun
Want to hear a joke about construction? I’m still working on it. %%Work %%Meta
What did one hat say to the other? Wait here, I’m going on ahead! %%General %%Pun
Why shouldn’t pigs drive? They hog the road. %%Animal %%Pun
Did you hear about the guy who invented the “knock-knock” joke? He won the “no-bell” prize. %%Meta %%Pun
Where do bad rainbows go? Prism, it’s a light sentence. %%Nature %%Pun
What does corn say when it gets a compliment? Aw, shucks! %%Food %%Pun
How do astronomers find asteroids headed toward earth? With a collide-o-scope. %%Space %%Work %%Pun
What did the nose tell the finger? Stop picking on me. %%Body %%Pun
What do you call a sick lemon? Lemon-aid. %%Food %%Health %%Pun
What gets wetter the more it dries? A towel. %%General %%Riddle
What should you do with a sick boat? Take it to the doc. %%Transportation %%Health %%Pun
What do you call a toothless bear? A gummy bear. %%Animal %%Pun
Why can’t your hand be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot. %%Body %%Pun
What has four wheels and flies? A garbage truck. %%Transportation %%Riddle
Why are pigs so bad at sports? Because they always hog the ball. %%Animal %%Sports %%Pun
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana. %%Time %%Food %%Pun
How do moths swim? Using the butterfly stroke. %%Animal %%Pun
What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar. %%Space %%Technology %%Work %%Pun
I hit in the head with a soda can. Thankfully it was a soft drink. %%General %%Pun
What’s the name of my cheese? Nacho cheese. %%Food %%Pun
Knock, knock. Who’s there? Cows go. Cows go who? No, cows go moo! %%Animal %%Knock-knock %%Pun
What’s the loudest pet you can own? A trumpet. %%Animal %%Music %%Riddle
What did the buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? Bison. %%Animal %%School %%Pun
What does a pampered cow give? Spoiled milk. %%Animal %%Pun
John had a blind date to a fitness center. She didn’t show up, so I guess they won’t work out. %%Relationship %%Health %%Pun
I made a whopping six figures last year. I also was fired from the toy factory for being too slow. %%Work %%Observational
Knock, knock. Who’s there? A little old lady. A little old lady who? Hey, you can yodel! %%Knock-knock %%Pun
Why did the teddy bear skip dessert? She was stuffed. %%Animal %%Food %%Pun
What did the left eye say to the right? Something smells between us. %%Body %%Pun
Why shouldn’t you tell secrets in a cornfield? Too many ears. %%Nature %%Pun
I just got kicked out of a secret cooking society. I spilled the beans. %%Food %%Pun
What’s it called when a snowman throws a tantrum? A meltdown. %%Holiday %%Pun
What did the scarecrow win an award for? He was outstanding in his field. %%Halloween %%Pun
I don’t know much about the best things in Switzerland, but their flag is a big plus. %%Geography %%Pun
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me. %%General %%Observational
How many potatoes do you need to make a pancake? A latke. %%Food %%Pun
The wedding was so beautiful. Even the cake was in tiers. %%Relationship %%Pun
I hung a picture up on the wall the other day. Some would say that I nailed it. %%General %%Pun
Why do Swedish battleships have bar codes on them? So they can Scandinavian. %%Geography %%Transportation %%Pun
I invented a pencil with an eraser on each end. There’s no point to it. %%School %%Pun
A witch’s vehicle goes brrroom brrroom! %%Halloween %%Pun
The waiter asked if I wanted a box for my leftovers, but I told him I’m not into fighting. %%Food %%Observational
If you see a crime at an Apple store, are you an iWitness? %%Technology %%Pun
If the early bird catches the worm, I’ll sleep in until there are pancakes. %%Animal %%Food %%Pun
The wedding was so beautiful, even the cake was in tiers. %%Relationship %%Pun
I used to be able to play the piano by ear, but now I have to use my hands. %%Music %%Observational
Did Noah include termites on the ark? %%History %%Pun
I used to hate facial hair, but it grew on me. %%General %%Observational
Keep the dream alive, and hit the snooze button. %%General %%Observational
I tell dad jokes but I have no kids. I’m a faux pa. %%Meta %%Pun
Whiteboards are remarkable. %%General %%Pun
I’m afraid of speed bumps, but I am slowly getting over it. %%Transportation %%Pun
I’m so good at sleeping I can do it with my eyes closed! %%General %%Observational
Some people think prison is one word, but to robbers, it’s the whole sentence. %%Law %%Pun
I used to be addicted to soap, but I’m clean now. %%General %%Pun
Are people born with photographic memories, or does it take time to develop? %%General %%Observational
Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants! %%Nature %%Pun
I was at the park wondering why this frisbee kept getting bigger, and then it hit me. %%General %%Pun
I poured root beer in a square glass. Now I just have beer. %%Food %%Pun
I had a dream about being a muffler. I woke up exhausted. %%General %%Pun
Talk is cheap until you talk to a lawyer. %%Work %%Observational
A fish swam into a wall and said, "Dam!" %%Animal %%Pun
A pony with a cough is just a little horse. %%Animal %%Pun
It takes guts to be an organ donor. %%Health %%Pun
I’ll call you later. Don’t call me later, call me Dad! %%Family %%Pun
Which bear is the most condescending? A pan-duh. %%Animal %%Pun
Why was the little cookie sad? His mother was a wafer so long. %%Food %%Pun
What kind of drink can be bitter and sweet? Reali-tea. %%Food %%Pun
Did you hear about the dry cleaner who got arrested? He was laundering money. %%Work %%Pun
Why do dads take an extra pair of socks when they golfing? In case they get a hole in one! %%Sports %%Pun
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it’s a soap opera. %%General %%Pun
Where do fruits go on vacation? Pear-is. %%Food %%Geography %%Pun
Why do melons have weddings? Because they cantaloupe. %%Food %%Pun
Why did the picture get arrested? It got framed. %%General %%Pun
Why do M&Ms go to school? Because they want to be a Smartie. %%Food %%School %%Pun
Knock knock. Who’s there? Tank. Tank who? You’re welcome. %%Knock-knock %%Pun
How do you protect a bagel? Lox it up! %%Food %%Pun
I like telling Dad jokes. Sometimes he laughs! %%Meta %%Observational
What do you call a cow with three legs? Lean beef. %%Animal %%Food %%Pun
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef. %%Animal %%Food %%Pun
Why did the stadium get hot after the game? All of the fans left. %%Sports %%Pun
How did the phone propose to his girlfriend? He gave her a ring. %%Technology %%Pun
Why shouldn’t you enter into a contract with Wolverine? Because of his retractable clause. %%Pop Culture %%Pun
What kind of coffee does a vampire drink? De-coffin-ated. %%Halloween %%Food %%Pun
Today I gave my dead batteries away. They were free of charge. %%General %%Pun
How do you keep a skunk from smelling? Hold its nose! %%Animal %%Observational
What do you call a fish with two knees? A two-knee fish! %%Animal %%Pun
Why can’t you tell a taco a secret? They tend to spill the beans! %%Food %%Pun %%Cinco De Mayo
The past, present, and future walk into a bar. It was tense. %%Time %%Pun
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh. %%Animal %%Pun
A book fell on my head. I only have my shelf to blame. %%General %%Pun
Someone stole my mood ring. I don’t know how I feel about that. %%General %%Pun
What did the horse say when he fell down? I’ve fallen and I can’t giddy up. %%Animal %%Pun
What do you call it when Batman skips church? Christian Bale. %%Pop Culture %%Pun
Did you hear about the man who fell into an upholstery machine? He’s fully recovered. %%Work %%Pun
What did one ocean say to the other ocean? Nothing, they just waved. %%Nature %%Pun
Did you hear about the power outlet who got into a fight with a power cord? He thought he could socket to him. %%Technology %%Pun
Why did the nurse need a red pen? In case she needed to draw blood. %%Work %%Pun
Do you know the story about the chicken that crossed the border? Me neither, I couldn’t follow it. %%Animal %%Meta %%Pun
How can a leopard change his spots? By moving. %%Animal %%Pun
I’m afraid of the calendar. Its days are numbered. %%General %%Pun
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked. %%General %%Observational
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward. %%Health %%Pun
What did the zero say to the eight? That belt looks good on you. %%Math %%Pun
I got carded at a liquor store, and my Blockbuster card accidentally fell out. The cashier said never mind. %%General %%Observational
What’s a pirate’s favorite letter? (Person answers RRR) You’d think it would be Rrrr but it’s really the C! %%Pun
I went to a seafood disco last week, but ended up pulling a mussel. %%Food %%Pun
Have you heard the rumor about butter? Never mind, I shouldn’t be spreading it. %%Food %%Pun
A man at a funeral walks up to the widow and says, "Mind if I say a word?" She says, "Please do". He says "bargain." She says, "Thanks, that means a great deal." %%General %%Observational %%Pun
How did the citrus get to the prom? In a lemonzeen! %%Food %%Pun
What’s worse than finding a worm in your apple? Finding half a worm. %%Food %%Observational
What did the sushi say to the bee? Wassa Bee? %%Food %%Animal %%Pun
Do u know why Grandparents and grandchildren get along so well? A common enemy. %%Family %%Observational
How do trees get online? They just log on. %%Nature %%Technology %%Pun
How does the moon cut his hair? Eclipse it. %%Space %%Pun
Air used to be free at the gas station. Now it’s $1.50. You know why? Inflation. %%General %%Observational
When I was a kid, my mother told me I could be anyone I wanted to be. Turns out, identity theft is a crime. %%General %%Observational
To whoever stole my copy of Microsoft Office, I will find you. You have my Word! %%Technology %%Pun
What did the fisherman say to the magician? Pick a cod, any cod. %%Food %%Work %%Pun
How do you organize a space party? You planet. %%Space %%Pun
Did you know that milk is the fastest liquid on earth? It’s pasteurized before you can even see it. %%Food %%Pun
Why can’t a leopard hide? Because he’s always spotted. %%Animal %%Pun
How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? 10 tickles. %%Animal %%Pun
What do you call an illegally parked frog? Toad. %%Animal %%Pun
Why are spiders so smart? They can find everything on the web. %%Animal %%Technology %%Pun
How did the hipster burn his mouth? He ate his pizza before it was cool. %%Food %%Pun
It’s inappropriate to make a "dad joke" if you’re not a dad. It’s a faux pa. %%Meta %%Pun
Did you hear about the circus fire? It was in tents. %%General %%Pun
Can February March? No, but April May! %%Time %%Pun
What does a house wear? A dress. %%General %%Pun
How do lawyers say goodbye? We’ll be suing ya! %%Work %%Pun
What kind of award does the world’s top dentist get? A little plaque. %%Work %%Pun
Wanna hear a joke about paper? Never mind—it’s wearable. %%General %%Pun
Want to hear a dirty joke? A white horse fell in a mud puddle. Want to hear a clean joke? The white horse took a bath. %%Animal %%Meta %%Pun
Did you hear about the chef who died? He pasta-way. %%Food %%Work %%Pun
Two antennas decided to get married, the ceremony was pretty boring, but the reception was great! %%Technology %%Pun
Why do seagulls live by the sea? If they lived by the bay, they’d be bagels. %%Animal %%Food %%Pun
What do you call a duck on the Fourth of July? A fire-quacker. %%Animal %%Holiday %%Pun
What’s the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream. %%Sports %%Pun
I could tell a joke about pizza, but it’s a little cheesy. %%Food %%Pun
Every time I take my dog to the park, the ducks try to bite him. That’s what I get for buying a pure bread dog. %%Animal %%Pun
What goes up and down but doesn’t move at all? Stairs. %%General %%Riddle
I told my doctor that I broke my arm in two places. He told me to stop going to those places. %%Health %%Pun
What is a funny mountain called? Hill-arious. %%Nature %%Pun
What do u call an Army of babies? Infantry. %%Family %%Pun
I once submitted 10 puns to a joke competition. I really thought with that many, one was sure to be a winner. Sadly, no pun in ten did. %%Meta %%Pun
Why did the old man fall down the well? He couldn’t see that well. %%General %%Pun
I tried to make up a joke about ghost but I couldn’t. It had plenty of spirit but no body. %%Halloween %%Meta %%Pun
Dad: What is the difference between a piano, a tuna, and a pot of glue? Me: I don’t know. Dad: You can tuna piano but you can’t piano a tuna. Me: What about the pot of glue? Dad: I knew you’d get stuck on that. %%Music %%Food %%Pun
Two windmills were sitting on a hill. One asks the other, "Do you have a favorite song?" The other replies, "Well... all my life I have been a heavy metal fan." %%Music %%Pun
Today at the bank, an old lady asked me to check her balance... So I pushed her over. %%Work %%Pun
I got an A on my origami assignment when I turned my paper into my teacher. %%School %%Pun
How many storm troopers does it take to change a lightbulb? None, because they are all on the dark side. %%Pop Culture %%Pun
If your house is cold, just stand in the corner. It’s always 90 degrees there. %%General %%Observational
Hi, I’m Cliff. Drop over sometime. %%General %%Pun
Did you hear about the guy who went to the doctor for a headache? The doctor examined his ear and found money. The doctor kept pulling and pulling it out until he had $1,999. Then the doctor said, "No wonder you’re not feeling two grand!" %%Health %%Pun
Dad, when he puts the car in reverse: "Ah, this takes me back." %%Transportation %%Pun
What do you call the security guards for Samsung? Guardians of the galaxy. %%Technology %%Pop Culture %%Pun
I was making a joke about retirement. It did not work. %%Work %%Meta
The other day I bought a thesaurus, but when I got home and opened it, all the pages were blank. I have no word to describe how angry I am. %%General %%Pun
The owner of the tuxedo store kept hovering over me when i was browsing, so I asked him to leave me alone. He said, "Fine, suit yourself." %%Work %%Pun
Why did the egg have a day off? Because it was Fryday. %%Food %%Pun
Have you ever heard about the kidnapping at school? It’s okay, he woke up. %%School %%Observational
I found a book called How to Solve 50% of Your Problems. So I bought 2. %%Meta %%Observational
Why did the coffee taste like dirt? Because it was ground just a few minutes ago. %%Food %%Pun
Why did the Rolling Stones stop making music? Because they got to bottom of the hill. %%Music %%Pun
What is the best present? Broken drums! You can’t beat them. %%Music %%Pun
I made song about tortilla once, now it’s more like a wrap. %%Food %%Music %%Pun
Did you know courdury pillows are in style? They’re making headlines. %%General %%Pun
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business. %%Food %%Pun
Did you hear about the fragile myth? It was busted. %%General %%Pun
What word can you make shorter by adding two letters? Short. %%Meta %%Riddle
What do call a criminal landing an airplane? Condescending. %%Work %%Pun
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun went, and then it dawned on me. %%General %%Pun
Why do people who live in Greece hate waking up at dawn? Because Dawn is tough on Greece. %%Geography %%Pun
"Two sausages were in a frying pan. One rolls over to the other and says, ’It’s hot in here!’ The other replies, ’Wait, you can talk?’ " %%Food %%Observational
"Every single time we passed a cemetery: ’People are just dying to get in there!’ " %%General %%Pun
"Name some friends that always go out to eat with you... Your tasteBUDS" %%Food %%Pun
"Ran out of toilet paper and now using lettuce leaves. Today was just the tip of the iceberg, tomorrow romaines to be seen." %%Food %%Pun
"Did you know in Hawaii it’s actually illegal to laugh really loud? You have to keep it a lo ha." %%Geography %%Pun
Why was the broom late to work? It over-swept. %%Work %%Pun
What does a baby computer call his father? Data. %%Technology %%Family %%Pun
Why are elevator jokes so good? They work on so many levels. %%General %%Pun
Why did the computer sneeze? It had a virus. %%Technology %%Health %%Pun
What’s Forrest Gump’s email password? 1forest1. %%Pop Culture %%Pun
Now matter how much you push the envelope, it’ll still be stationery. %%Work %%Pun
What do you call a singing laptop? A Dell. %%Technology %%Music %%Pun
What do you call a sad cup of coffee? Depresso. %%Food %%Pun
What does a gossiping coffee do? Spill the beans. %%Food %%Pun
Who wins in a fight between Sunday and Monday? Sunday, because Monday is a weekday. %%Time %%Pun
Why did the employee get fired from the calendar factory? He took a day off. %%Work %%Pun
I get plenty of exercise at work: Jumping to conclusions, pushing my luck, and dodging deadlines. %%Work %%Observational
My colleague and I laugh about how competitive we are. But I laugh more. %%Work %%Observational
Do you know what can really ruin a Friday? When you remember it’s Thursday. %%Time %%Observational
Where do computers go to dance? The disk-o. %%Technology %%Pun
I have a few jokes about unemployed people, but none of them work. %%Work %%Meta
What did the computer do for his lunch break Had a byte. %%Technology %%Food %%Pun
I got fired from my job at the bank today. A customer asked me to check her balance, so I pushed her over. %%Work %%Pun
When do computers overheat? When they need to vent. %%Technology %%Pun
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless. %%School %%Pun
Why did the coffee machine file a complaint? It couldn’t espresso itself properly! %%Food %%Pun
How do construction workers party? They raise the roof! %%Work %%Pun
Why did the copier go to therapy? It had too many paper issues. %%Work %%Pun
Do you know where you can get chicken broth in bulk? The stock market. %%Food %%Work %%Pun
Why are chemists great at solving problems? Because they have all of the solutions! %%Work %%Science %%Pun
What is it called when someone steals your coffee? A mugging. %%Food %%Pun
What is a computer’s favorite food? Microchips %%Technology %%Food %%Pun
How do you make holy water? You boil the hell out of it. %%Religion %%Pun
Justice is a dish best served cold. Otherwise, it’s just water. %%Food %%Pun
Why should you never throw grandpa’s false teeth at a vehicle? You might denture car. %%Family %%Health %%Pun
Why are Christmas trees bad at knitting? They always drop their needles. %%Holiday %%Pun
What did the lunch box say to the refrigerator? Don’t hate me because I’m a little cooler. %%Food %%Pun
Why couldn’t the tree get on his computer? Because he could not log on. %%Nature %%Technology %%Pun
What’s a skeleton’s favorite type of road? A dead end. %%Halloween %%Pun
What did the alien say to the landscaper? Take me to your weeder. %%Science Fiction %%Work %%Pun
Me: "I want to write when I grow up." Dad: "Why don’t you left instead?" %%Meta %%Pun
What did Elvis say to his landscaper? Thank you for the mulch! %%Pop Culture %%Work %%Pun
Why didn’t the lifeguard save the hippie? He was too far out! %%Work %%Pun
What did the mother broom say to the baby broom? Time to go to sweep. %%General %%Pun
The other day I was attacked by a bunch of circus clowns in a parking lot. I won though, cause I went right for the juggler. %%General %%Observational %%Pun
I’d like to shout out sidewalks for keeping me off the streets. %%General %%Observational
What did the computer go to the doctor? Because he had a virus. %%Technology %%Health %%Pun
How many ears does Captain Kirk have? Three. The left ear, the right ear, and the final front-ear. %%Pop Culture %%Pun
Did you hear about the famous pickle? He’s a really big dill. %%Food %%Pun
I went on Amazon to buy a lighter but all they had were 3,472 matches. %%General %%Observational
What do you need to make a highway in an art studio? A mile marker. %%Art %%Pun
How does Vin Diesel keep in touch with the Fast and Furious crew? On a Zoom call. %%Pop Culture %%Technology %%Pun
How much does a chimney cost. Nothing, it’s on the house. %%General %%Pun
Why do only some couples go to the gym? Because some relationships don’t work out. %%Relationship %%Health %%Pun
You don’t need a parachute to go skydiving. You need one to go skydiving twice. %%General %%Observational
How do you make 7 even? Take away the S. %%Math %%Pun
Why is sausage bad for you? It brings out the Wurst in people. %%Food %%Pun
What do you call a broken clock? A waste of time. %%General %%Pun
Why did the teddy bear turn down a slice of cake. He was stuffed. %%Animal %%Food %%Pun
What’s an astronaut’s favorite board game? Moon-opoly %%Space %%Pun
How do you make Budweiser? Send him to school. %%Food %%Pun
What is Santa’s favorite state to visit? Ida Ho Ho Ho %%Holiday %%Geography %%Pun
Have you seen those traffic circles or driven around them? Well, they are pointless. %%Transportation %%Pun
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? The P is silent. %%Animal %%Pun
"What do a tick and the Eiffel Tower have in common?" "They’re both Paris sites." %%Animal %%Geography %%Pun
"What do you call a fish wearing a bowtie?" "Sofishticated." %%Animal %%Pun
"How do you follow Will Smith in the snow?" "You follow the fresh prints." %%Pop Culture %%Pun
"If April showers bring May flowers, what do May flowers bring?" "Pilgrims." %%Time %%Holiday %%Pun
"I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along." %%General %%Observational
"How does dry skin affect you at work?" "You don’t have any elbow grease to put into it." %%Health %%Work %%Pun
"Dad, can you put my shoes on?" "No, I don’t think they’ll fit me." %%Family %%Observational
"Why can’t a nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot." %%Body %%Pun
"What does a lemon say when it answers the phone?" "Yellow!" %%Food %%Pun
"This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in." %%General %%Pun
"Dad, can you put the cat out?" "I didn’t know it was on fire." %%Family %%Animal %%Pun
"How does a taco say grace?" "Lettuce pray." %%Food %%Religion %%Pun %%Cinco De Mayo
"What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y." %%Health %%Pun
"Why didn’t the skeleton climb the mountain?" "It didn’t have the guts." %%Halloween %%Pun
"How many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? Ten tickles." %%Animal %%Pun
"I have a joke about chemistry, but I don’t think it will get a reaction." %%Science %%Meta %%Pun
"What concert costs just 45 cents? 50 Cent featuring Nickelback!" %%Music %%Pun
"What does a bee use to brush its hair?" "A honeycomb!" %%Animal %%Pun
"How do you make a tissue dance? You put a little boogie in it." %%General %%Pun
"Why did the math book look so sad? Because of all of its problems!" %%School %%Pun
"What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers!" %%General %%Pun
"How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together." %%Animal %%Pun
"How did Harry Potter get down the hill?" "Walking. JK! Rowling." %%Pop Culture %%Pun
"A guy walks into a bar... and he was disqualified from the limbo contest." %%General %%Observational
"That car looks nice but the muffler seems exhausted." %%Transportation %%Pun
"Shout out to my fingers. I can count on all of them." %%Body %%Observational
"What country’s capital is growing the fastest?" "Ireland. Every day it’s Dublin." %%Geography %%Pun
"I once had a dream I was floating in an ocean of orange soda. It was more of a fanta sea." %%Food %%Pun
"A cheeseburger walks into a bar. The bartender says, ’Sorry, we don’t serve food here.’" %%Food %%Observational
"I once got fired from a canned juice company. Apparently I couldn’t concentrate." %%Work %%Pun
"I used to play piano by ear. Now I use my hands." %%Music %%Observational
"Have you ever tried to catch a fog? I tried yesterday but I mist." %%Weather %%Pun
"Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field." %%Halloween %%Pun
"How do you make a Kleenex dance? Put a little boogie in it!" %%General %%Pun
"I’m reading a book about anti-gravity. It’s impossible to put down!" %%Science %%Meta %%Pun
"Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the ’no-bell’ prize." %%Meta %%Pun
""I’ve got a great joke about construction, but I’m still working on it." %%Work %%Meta
"I decided to sell my vacuum cleaner—it was just gathering dust!" %%General %%Pun
"I had a neck brace fitted years ago and I’ve never looked back since." %%Health %%Observational
"You know, people say they pick their nose, but I feel like I was just born with mine." %%Body %%Observational
"Why can’t you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? Because the ’P’ is silent." %%Work %%Pun
"What do you call an elephant that doesn’t matter? An irrelephant." %%Animal %%Pun
"What’s the best smelling insect?" "A deodor-ant." %%Animal %%Pun
"I used to be a personal trainer. Then I gave my too weak notice." %%Work %%Health %%Pun
"Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head!" %%General %%Observational
"I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I’ll let you know." %%Food %%Meta %%Observational
"If you see a crime at an Apple Store, does that make you an iWitness?" %%Technology %%Pun
"I’m so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!" %%General %%Observational
"I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn’t like it." %%General %%Meta
"What did the vet say to the cat?" "How are you feline?" %%Animal %%Work %%Pun
"What do you call a lazy baby kangaroo?" "A pouch potato!" %%Animal %%Pun
"What happens when M&M’s can’t agree on anything?" "They reach an M-passe." %%Food %%Pun
"What do you call a belt made of watches?" "A waist of time." %%General %%Pun
"What happens when a strawberry gets run over crossing the street?" "Traffic jam." %%Food %%Pun
"Where do math teachers go on vacation?" "Times Square." %%Work %%Geography %%Pun
"Whenever I try to eat healthy, a chocolate bar looks at me and Snickers." %%Food %%Pun
"What does garlic do when it gets hot?" "It takes its cloves off." %%Food %%Pun
"What’s a robot’s favorite snack?" "Computer chips." %%Technology %%Food %%Pun
"How much does it cost Santa to park his sleigh?" "Nothing, it’s on the house." %%Holiday %%Pun
"Mountains aren’t just funny. They’re hill areas." %%Nature %%Pun
"What do clouds wear?" "Thunderwear." %%Nature %%Pun
"Why are piggy banks so wise?" "They’re filled with common cents." %%General %%Pun
"How do you get a good price on a sled?" "You have toboggan." %%Holiday %%Pun
"I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me." %%General %%Observational
"What do you call a hot dog on wheels?" "Fast food!" %%Food %%Pun
"Where do young trees go to learn?" "Elementree school." %%Nature %%School %%Pun
"What’s the best way to watch a fly fishing tournament? Live stream." %%Sports %%Pun
"Spring is here! I got so excited I wet my plants." %%Nature %%Pun
And here’s the second block:
"What’s an astronaut’s favorite part of a computer? The space bar." %%Space %%Technology %%Work %%Pun
"Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels." %%General %%Pun
"Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use a honeycomb." %%Animal %%Pun
"Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island." %%Geography %%Pun
"What did the coffee report to the police? A mugging." %%Food %%Pun
"What did the fish say when he hit the wall? Dam." %%Animal %%Pun
"Is this pool safe for diving? It deep ends." %%General %%Pun
"If you see a crime happen at the Apple store, what does it make you?" "An iWitness." %%Technology %%Pun
What do you call two monkeys that share an Amazon account? Prime mates. %%Animal %%Technology %%Pun
What kind of noise does a witch’s vehicle make? Brrrroooom, brrroooom. %%Halloween %%Pun
My girlfriend keeps accusing me of cheating. She’s starting to sound like my wife. %%Relationship %%Observational
What’s brown and sticky? A stick. %%General %%Descriptive
Two guys walked into a bar. The third guy ducked. %%General %%Observational
Did you hear about the actor who broke his leg onstage? He’s still in the cast. %%Pop Culture %%Pun
How do you get a country girl’s attention? A tractor. %%General %%Observational
What do you call it when a group of apes starts a company? Monkey business. %%Animal %%Work %%Pun
Why did the pharmacist walk on her tiptoes? She didn’t want to wake the sleeping pills. %%Work %%Health %%Pun
Why are elevator jokes so classic and good? They work on many levels. %%General %%Pun
I have an inferiority complex, but it’s not a very good one. %%Meta %%Observational
What do you call a pudgy psychic? A four-chin teller. %%General %%Pun
I had a date last night, and it was perfect. Tomorrow, I’ll have a fig. %%Food %%Pun
What did the police officer say to his belly button? You’re under a vest. %%Work %%Pun
My wife asked me to stop singing "Wonderwall" to her. I said, "Maybe…" %%Music %%Relationship %%Pun
Why was the color green notoriously single? It was always so jaded. %%General %%Pun
Which state has the most streets? Rhode Island. %%Geography %%Pun
What do you call 26 letters that went for a swim? Alphawetical. %%Meta %%Pun
What’s the name of a very polite, European body of water? Mer ci. %%Geography %%Pun
I want to make a brie f joke, but it’s a little cheesy. %%Food %%Pun
Why did the cow pack up its bags and move to Hollywood? To be in the moo-vies. %%Animal %%Pop Culture %%Pun
Sundays are always a little sad, but the day before is a sadder day. %%Time %%Observational
5/4 of people admit they’re bad at fractions. %%Math %%Pun
Why did the bedding hide their relationship? They just wanted something pil low-key! %%General %%Pun
You’re American when you go into a bathroom and when you come out, but what are you while you’re in the bathroom? European. %%Geography %%Observational
Dogs can’t operate MRI machines. But catscan. %%Animal %%Work %%Pun
I tell dad jokes, but I don’t have any kids. I’m a faux pa. %%Meta %%Pun
Why can’t you trust an atom? Because they make up everything. %%Science %%Pun
Justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be just-water. %%Food %%Pun
I was going to tell a time-traveling joke, but you guys didn’t like it. %%General %%Meta
Shouldn’t the “roof” of your mouth actually be called the ceiling. %%Body %%Observational
Why did the baby strawberry cry? Because its mother was in a jam. %%Food %%Pun
Why couldn’t the toilet paper cross the road? Because it got stuck in a crack. %%General %%Observational
Stop looking for the perfect match…use a lighter. %%General %%Pun
What kind of car does a sheep like to drive? A Lamb orghini. %%Animal %%Transportation %%Pun
What do you call someone who won’t stick to a diet? A desserter. %%Food %%Pun
What did the accountant say while auditing a document? This is taxing. %%Work %%Pun
What did the two pieces of bread say on their wedding day? It was loaf at first sight. %%Food %%Pun
Why couldn’t the bike stand up by itself? Because it was too tired. %%Transportation %%Pun
What’s Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1 %%Pop Culture %%Pun
How many apples can you grow on a tree? All of them. %%Food %%Observational
What does a nosey pepper do? It gets jalapeño business. %%Food %%Pun
How can you mend a broken pumpkin? Use a pumpkin patch. %%Food %%Holiday %%Pun
Why do dads feel the need to tell such bad jokes? They just want to help you become a groan up. %%Meta %%Observational
I know a lot of jokes about retired people, but none of them work. %%Work %%Meta
Did you know that there’s a fine line between a denominator and a numerator? Only a fraction of people will find this funny. (And less than half will get it). %%Math %%Meta %%Pun
My daughter finally started looking for a job. I told her there’s an entry level job that people are dying to get into and you start with 3000 people beneath you. Working at the graveyard isn’t for everyone though! %%Work %%Observational
I was on the train to work and the conductor told me he had to charge me extra for telling dad jokes. I told him that’s not fare. %%Work %%Transportation %%Meta %%Pun
I’m so proud of my son, he’s taken to reading a lot recently but he’s always losing his place, he asked me for a book mark and I started bawling. Can’t believe he still doesn’t know my name is Seb. %%Family %%Meta %%Pun
The wife has been reading a lot of gothic romance horrors recently, so I asked her why does Dracula always bite people in the neck? She told me it’s because he’s a neck romancer. %%Pop Culture %%Relationship %%Pun
I asked my dog what’s two minus two. He said nothing. %%Animal %%Math %%Observational
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honeycombs. %%Animal %%Pun
I stayed up all night wondering where the sun went... Then it dawned on me. %%General %%Pun
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don’t know y. %%Meta %%Pun
What’s orange and sounds like a parrot? A carrot! %%Food %%Animal %%Pun
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? Supplies! %%Work %%Pun
Why can’t you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the "P" is silent. %%Animal %%Pun
I gave all my dead batteries away today... Free of charge. %%General %%Pun
I told my wife that Old Macdonalds Farm had started to use artificial intelligence. Her: AI? Me: AI. Her: Oh. %%Technology %%Family %%Pun
Why was 2019 scared of 2020? Because they fought and 2021. %%Time %%Pun
Why don’t programmers like nature? It has too many bugs. %%Work %%Technology %%Pun
How do robots pay for things? With cache. %%Technology %%Work %%Pun
Why don’t computers like spicy food? Too much byte. %%Technology %%Food %%Pun
Why do Java developers wear glasses? Because they don’t C#. %%Work %%Technology %%Pun
I was going to tell you a UDP joke, but you might not get it. %%Technology %%Meta %%Pun
Parallel lines have so much in common. It’s a shame they’ll never meet. %%Math %%Observational
What do you call an iPhone that isn’t kidding around? Dead Siri-ous. %%Technology %%Pun
Why do programmers prefer coding in dark mode? Because the light attracts bugs. %%Work %%Technology %%Pun
What’s the best thing about Switzerland? I don’t know, but the flag is a big plus. %%Geography %%Pun
What did the lettuce say to the celery at dinner? Lettuce romaine friends! %%Food %%Pun
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing! %%Food %%Pun
I told my kids I’d make them dinner But then I realised I didn’t have enough thyme. %%Food %%Family %%Pun
I couldn’t figure out how to get my seatbelt on at dinner Then it clicked. %%General %%Observational %%Pun
My wife asked me to stop singing ’Wonderwall’ at dinner. I said maybe. %%Music %%Relationship %%Pun
I told a joke about pizza at the dinner table. It was cheesy, but everyone loved it. %%Food %%Meta %%Pun
Why don’t oysters share their food? They’re shellfish! %%Animal %%Food %%Pun
asked the lemon what it wanted for dinner… it just gave me a sour look! %%Food %%Pun
Why don’t we ever tell secrets at the dinner table? Because the potatoes have eyes and the corn has ears! %%Food %%Observational
Why don’t skeletons fight each other? Because they don’t have the guts. %%Halloween %%Pun
I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised. %%Relationship %%Observational
Did you hear about the cheese factory that exploded in France? There was nothing left but de-brie. %%Food %%Geography %%Pun
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field. %%Halloween %%Pun
I’m reading a book on anti-gravity. I’m finding it impossible to put down. %%Science %%Meta %%Pun
Why did the mathematics book look sad? Because it had too many problems. %%School %%Pun
What do you call fake spaghetti? An impasta. %%Food %%Pun
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything. %%Science %%Pun
How do you organise a space party? You planet. %%Space %%Pun
Talking about inventions of the past century with the wife and I quipped that the dry erase board has to be one of the most remarkable. %%General %%Observational
When bees move into a new hive, do they have a house swarming party? %%Animal %%Pun
What do you call a rabbit with fleas? Bugs Bunny %%Animal %%Pun
Do you know why it’s a bad thing to fart in church? Because then you have to sit in your own pew. %%Religion %%Observational %%Pun
A conversation at the casting office: CASTING DIRECTOR: We’re working on a movie about composers. STALLONE: I’ll play Beethoven. WILLIS: I’ll be Mozart. SCHWARZENEGGER: Stop it, guys. I’m not saying it. SCHWARZENEGGER: I’ll be Bach. %%Music %%Pop Culture %%Pun
TEACHER: A is for Apple; B is for Banana. What is C for? STUDENT: Explosives. %%School %%Observational
A conversation at the casting office: CASTING DIRECTOR: We’re working on a movie about composers. STALLONE: I’ll play Beethoven. WILLIS: I’ll be Mozart. SCHWARZENEGGER: Stop it, guys. I’m not saying it. %%Music %%Pop Culture
Can I tell you a dirty joke? A man fell in the mud. (oof) %%Meta %%Pun
Why did the politician cross the road? To get to the other side… of the issue. %%Election
Why did the truth cross the road? To get away from the politician. %%Election
Congress is finally working together! They’ve agreed to disagree on everything and adjourn early for vacation. %%Election
Why don’t politicians ever play hide and seek? No one would look for them. %%Election
What’s a politicians favorite footwear? FlipFlops %%Election
Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything. %%Election
Politicians are like diapers. They should be changed often, and for the same reasons. %%Election
What’s the difference between a good politician and a bad politician? A bad politician lies about everything, a good politician only lies about the important stuff. %%Election
Why did they pave all the driveways at the White House and Camp David? Because Joe Biden kept eating all the rocky road. %%Election
Breaking news: A politician has been caught telling the truth! Experts are baffled. %%Election
Why don’t Congressmen ever discuss anything in a cornfield? Too many ears! %%Election
In a shocking turn of events, a politician actually kept their campaign promise! Scientists are studying this phenomenon. %%Election
What’s the difference between a Congressman and a pizza? A pizza can feed a family of four. %%Election
Why don’t skeletons run for elected office? They don’t have the guts. %%Election
What do you call a politician who tells the truth? Retired. %%Election
What do you call a lobbyist who tells the truth? Unemployed. %%Election
How is a politician like an atom? Because they make up everything. %%Election
Why is it so hard to find coffee in Washington, DC? The politicians always kept grounds for impeachment. %%Election
What do you call a bill that’s been passed with bipartisan supportin 2024? A miracle. %%Election
What did the conservative say to the liberal? Let’s agree to disagree… and then I’ll tell you why you’re wrong! %%Election
What is the politician’s favorite animal? A parrot! %%Election
Where does a politician go to hear the will of the People? An echo chamber! %%Election
A new study shows that watching political debates actually lowers your IQ. The study was funded by Congress. %%Election
Why don’t election officials tell jokes? Because they’re afraid of recounts! %%Election
What did the ballot say to the voter? “Mark my words!” %%Election
Why was the election so calm? Because everyone voted in peace of mind! %%Election
Why do politicians always bring a pencil to the polls? In case they need to draw a majority. %%Election
Why was the voter stuck in traffic on Election Day? Because the road to democracy is always under construction. %%Election
What’s a vote’s favorite type of music? Anything with lots of polling beats. %%Election
Why did the ballot go to therapy? It had too many issues. %%Election
Why don’t voters ever get lost? They always find their way to the polls. %%Election
What did one candidate say to the other after losing? “Let’s count this as a learning experience!” %%Election
Why are elections like barbecues? Everyone has an opinion on how things should be done! %%Election
Why did the politician visit the bakery? To get more dough for the campaign! %%Election
What’s a voter’s favorite social media platform? Instavote! %%Election
Why did the scarecrow win the election? Because he was outstanding in his field. %%Election
Why do candidates make terrible comedians? Their timing is always off during debates. %%Election
How do politicians stay cool on Election Day? They stay under the polling tent! %%Election
What’s the best way to keep a politician from lying? Don’t give them a microphone! %%Election
Why did the polling booth break up with the politician? It was tired of all the empty promises. %%Election
How do you know if a candidate is lying? Their lips are moving during a campaign speech! %%Election
What did the voter say when the results were delayed? “Let’s recount on that!” %%Election
Why was the voting line so long? Because democracy never rushes! %%Election
What’s a candidate’s favorite dessert? Victory cake. %%Election
Why do politicians always look tired after Election Day? They’ve been running non-stop. %%Election
Why was the vote so successful? Because it had full public backing! %%Election
What did one ballot box say to another? “Let’s drop in together.” %%Election
Why are voting booths so private? So politicians can’t overhear the truth. %%Election
Why did the politician bring a ladder to the debate? To reach new heights in polling numbers. %%Election
What do you call a political debate on a mountain? High stakes! %%Election
Why do elections never happen in a hurry? Because you have to wait for all the votes to be “counted.” %%Election
What did the undecided voter say to the pollster? “I’m still on the fence…literally!” %%Election
Why don’t politicians play hide and seek? Because they can never be found when you need them. %%Election
Why was the polling place so clean? Because everyone came to “sweep” the election. %%Election
What did the polling station say after a long day? “I’m all counted out!” %%Election
Why did the voter bring an umbrella to the polls? Because of all the shady candidates. %%Election
What’s a politician’s favorite board game? Risk – because they love taking chances. %%Election
Why don’t candidates play cards? They hate showing their hand. %%Election
What’s the first rule of political debates? Don’t bring facts to a feelings fight. %%Election
Why do candidates love going on TV? Because they can finally shine without sweating. %%Election
What did the voter say when their candidate won? “Now that’s the right kind of ‘poll’ dancing!” %%Election
Why are election results always late? Because democracy is a marathon, not a sprint. %%Election
Why did the voter wear sunglasses on Election Day? To block out the shady campaign ads. %%Election
What do you call it when voters are undecided? A poll-arized decision. %%Election
Why don’t voters take sides? They prefer standing in the middle of the voting line. %%Election
What’s a politician’s favorite exercise? Running for office. %%Election
Why don’t voting booths have mirrors? So candidates can’t admire themselves too much. %%Election
What’s a candidate’s favorite kind of speech? One without interruptions (but those don’t exist). %%Election
Why did the voter keep getting text messages from candidates? Because campaigns never stop polling! %%Election
What do you call an election with no competition? A cakewalk to the polls. %%Election
Why was the candidate always eating donuts? Because he needed a break from the constant “hole”-ing around. %%Election
Why was the polling station empty? Everyone was too busy tweeting about the election. %%Election
Why are election seasons like Halloween? Because there are always tricks and very few treats. %%Election
What did the voter say when their ballot was rejected? “Let’s try that again—no recount required.” %%Election
Why do politicians always smile in photos? Because they don’t want anyone to know how hard they’re sweating. %%Election
Why did the politician go to the dentist? For a clean poll-ish! %%Election
Why do candidates love polling data? Because it’s the only time they get the numbers they want. %%Election
Why do voters always feel tired after Election Day? Because democracy is exhausting! %%Election
What did the colonists wear to the Boston Tea Party? Tea-shirts. %%Fourth of July
What was the most popular dance in 1776? Indepen-dance. %%Fourth of July
What does the Statue of Liberty stand for? It can’t sit down. %%Fourth of July
If you cross a patriot and a dog with curly hair, what do you get? A Yankee Poodle. %%Fourth of July
What ghost haunted King George III? The spirit of ’76. %%Fourth of July
What do our flag and a sad candy cane have in common? They’re both red, white and blue. %%Fourth of July
Was the Declaration of Independence written in Philadelphia? No, it was written in ink. %%Fourth of July
Why did Paul Revere ride his horse from Boston to Lexington? Because the horse was too heavy to carry! %%Fourth of July
What is the most popular sport on the 4th of July? Flag football. %%Fourth of July
What protest by a group of dogs occurred in 1772? The Boston Flea Party. %%Fourth of July
What did a patriot put on his dry skin? Revo-lotion! %%Fourth of July
Did you hear the one about the Liberty Bell? Yeah, it cracked me up too! %%Fourth of July
Which colonists told the most jokes? Punsylvanians! %%Fourth of July
What is red, white, blue and green? A seasick Uncle Sam. %%Fourth of July
What does the Statue of Liberty say when visitors leave? “Stay in torch!” %%Fourth of July
What do you eat on July 5th? Independence Day-old pizza. %%Fourth of July
What did Luke Skywalker say on the 4th of July? “May the 4th be with you!” %%StarWars %%Fourth of July
Why did the corn on the cob go to the 4th of July parade? Because it heard there would be a-maize-ing floats! %%Fourth of July
What was the wildest battle of the Revolutionary War? The Battle of Bonkers Hill. %%Fourth of July
What are the most patriotic flowers? Yankee Doodle Dandylions. %%Fourth of July
Why did the hot dog go to the 4th of July party? Because it heard it was buns of fun. %%Fourth of July
Did you hear about the angry firecracker? He was so mad that he exploded! %%Fourth of July


What’s black and yellow and flies at 30,000 feet? A bee on an airplane. %%Honeybee
What buzzes, is black and yellow, and goes along the bottom of the sea? A bee in a submarine. %%Honeybee
What do you call a bee that can’t quit talking? Blabb-bee. %%Honeybee
What is small, black and yellow, and drops things? Fumble bee. %%Honeybee
What do bees chew? Bumble gum! %%Honeybee
What do you call a bee with messy hair? A Frizz-bee. %%Honeybee
What goes zzub-zubb when it travels? A bee flying backwards. %%Honeybee
What do unionized bees ask for? More honey and shorter working flowers. %%Honeybee
If there’s a bee in my hand, what’s in my eye? Beauty. Beauty is in the eye of the bee-holder. %%Honeybee
What does a bee use to style her hair? Her honey comb, of course. %%Honeybee
What would bears be without bees? Just ears. %%Honeybee
What is a swarm of really small queen bees called? The royal wee. %%Honeybee
Why did the bee go to the dermatologist? It had hives. %%Honeybee
What music do bees like? Bee-bop, Bee-thoven, Bee-yoncé, The Bee-tles, Bee-stie Boys, Cros-bee, Stills, Nash & Young, or Justin Bee-ber? They like Sting. %%Honeybee
Why was the bee so hard to understand? It was a mumble bee. %%Honeybee
A bee’s favorite sport is rug-bee. %%Honeybee
That pretentious wasp is just plain snob-bee! %%Honeybee
What do bees like with their sushi? Wasa-bee! %%Honeybee
What do you get when you cross a doorbell and a bee? A hum-dinger! %%Honeybee
When do bees get married? When they’ve found their honey! %%Honeybee
Where do worker bees go on vacation? Sting-apore. %%Honeybee
As soon as the bees were finished making their hive, they threw a big house-swarming party. %%Honeybee
A wasp is nothing more than a wanna-bee. %%Honeybee
No one at the party wanted to hear that bee talk about himself, but he just kept droning on. %%Honeybee
What does the professor bee say when a student asks a question about the course? It’s on the sylla-buzz. %%Honeybee
Remember, if you offend an audience of beekeepers, you may hear some veiled threats. %%Honeybee
What’s a bee’s favorite flower? A bee-gonia. %%Honeybee
What did the businesswoman say? We’re in bees-ness now! %%Honeybee
A combination of a bumblebee and a race dog will give you a Greyhound Buzz. %%Honeybee
What do you call a bee that lives in America? A USB. %%Honeybee
What do you call a bee that’s returned from the dead? A zom-bee. %%Honeybee
Which bee gives you a second chance? The Plan Bee. %%Honeybee
What do you call a bee that doesn’t cost anything? A free-bee. %%Honeybee
What do you call a bee that works for the government? A pollentician. %%Honeybee
Who’s a bee’s favorite painter? Pablo Bee-casso. %%Honeybee
Little bees take the school buzz to get to school. %%Honeybee
When a bee writes a sonnet, it waxes poetic. %%Honeybee
What’s the one thing bees never forget to bring to the beach? Fris-bees. %%Honeybee
What do you call a bee that needs a drink? Bee-hydrated. %%Honeybee
What do you call a ghost bee? A bee boo. %%Honeybee
What did the bee say to the flower? Hey, bud! %%Honeybee
What’s a bee’s favorite novel? The Great Gats-bee. %%Honeybee
Why do bees hum? They don’t know the words. %%Honeybee
Why was the bee fired from the barbershop? He only knew how to give a buzz cut. %%Honeybee
What is the most common blood type for bees? Bee positive! %%Honeybee
What happened when the bee phoned home? She got a buzzy signal. %%Honeybee
Why should you never trust a math teacher holding protractors? They're always plotting degrees! %%Pi Day
What do you call a parrot that knows trigonometry? A polygon! %%Pi Day
What is a mathematician's favorite dessert? Pi! %%Pi Day
How many mathematicians does it take to screw in a light bulb? Pi. It's a never-ending process. %%Pi Day
What do you get when you take the circumference of a circle and divide it by its diameter? A circular argument! %%Pi Day
Why did the student get upset when his teacher called him irrational? He just couldn't understand where she was coming from! %%Pi Day
What's a snake's favorite subject in school? Hiss-tory! (Close enough to the constant!) %%Pi Day
What do you call a замкнутая кривая that is made up of straight line segments? A polygon. What do you call one that is infinitely straight? A circle! %%Pi Day
Why was the fraction nervous? Because it was in improper form! (Relates to the irrationality of pi) %%Pi Day
What is the area of a circle with a radius of "z"? Pizza! %%Pi Day
Why did Pi break up with his girlfriend? She was too clingy, always going around in circles! %%Pi Day
What's the best way to serve Pi? À la mode! (Approximately!) %%Pi Day
Why is Pi so well-rounded? It has infinite digits! %%Pi Day
What do you call a group of mathematical fruit? A pi-neapple! %%Pi Day
That's a lot of circles! %%Pi Day
Why did the bead cross the road? To get to the other Mardi Gras parade! %%Mardi Gras
What do you call someone who doesn't like Mardi Gras? Un-bead-lievable! %%Mardi Gras
What's a pirate's favorite part of Mardi Gras? The doubloons! %%Mardi Gras
Why did the king throw his crown into the crowd? He wanted to be just a regular royal during Mardi Gras! %%Mardi Gras
What do you call a sad pancake on Fat Tuesday? A crêpe! %%Mardi Gras
Why did the musician bring a ladder to the Mardi Gras parade? He wanted to reach new notes! %%Mardi Gras
What's a ghost's favorite Mardi Gras treat? Boo-berry pie! %%Mardi Gras
How do you fix a broken trumpet during Mardi Gras? With lots of brass band-aids! %%Mardi Gras
What did the purple, green, and gold say to each other? "Let the good times roll!" %%Mardi Gras
Why did the baker bring so much dough to Mardi Gras? He kneaded a lot of king cake! %%Mardi Gras
What's a vampire's favorite Mardi Gras drink? Bloody Mary Gras! %%Mardi Gras
Why was the ladder tired after Mardi Gras? It had too many ups and downs at the parades! %%Mardi Gras
What do you call a sleeping alligator during Mardi Gras? A rest-ile! %%Mardi Gras
Why did the chicken wear a mask to Mardi Gras? She wanted to have a fowl time! %%Mardi Gras
Let's get this party bead-ing! %%Mardi Gras
Why did George Washington have trouble sleeping? Because he couldn't lie! %%Presidents' Day
What kind of car did Abraham Lincoln drive? A Ford Model-T(hree)! %%Presidents' Day
Why did the Secret Service buy a trampoline? They heard the President wanted to bounce around ideas! %%Presidents' Day
What did the baby corn say to its mom on Presidents' Day? "Where's my pop-corn?" %%Presidents' Day
Why did the White House need more outlets? Because of all the current events! %%Presidents' Day
What do you call a lazy kangaroo on Presidents' Day? Pouch potato! %%Presidents' Day
Why did the history book go to therapy after Presidents' Day? It had too many dates! %%Presidents' Day
What's a chipmunk's favorite President? Chester A. Arthur (because he liked nuts)! %%Presidents' Day
Why did the bicycle fall over on Presidents' Day? It was two tired! %%Presidents' Day
What did one flag say to the other on Presidents' Day? Nothing, they just waved! %%Presidents' Day
Why did the monument get a promotion on Presidents' Day? It stood for something! %%Presidents' Day
What's a frog's favorite President? Croak Obama! %%Presidents' Day
Why did the calendar get lost on Presidents' Day weekend? It had too many long weekends to keep track of! %%Presidents' Day
What do you call a nervous beaver on Presidents' Day? A dam-shamed politician! %%Presidents' Day
Let's have a day that's truly monumental! %%Presidents' Day
Why did the tree get detention? It was being too shady! %%Earth Day
What do you call a sad strawberry? A blueberry! (It's feeling blue for the Earth!) %%Earth Day
Why did the recycling truck break down? It ran out of gas...oline! %%Earth Day
What did the ocean say to the beach on Earth Day? Nothing, it just waved! %%Earth Day
Why did the gardener bury all his money? To make his soil rich! %%Earth Day
What kind of music do trees listen to? Branch out rock! %%Earth Day
Why did the scarecrow win an award on Earth Day? Because he was outstanding in his field! %%Earth Day
What do you call a boomerang that won't come back? A stick! (Let's not litter!) %%Earth Day
Why did the sun go to school? To get brighter! %%Earth Day
What's a frog's favorite day of the year? Earth Day... because it's ribbiting! %%Earth Day
Why did the leaf go to the doctor? It was feeling green around the gills! %%Earth Day
What do you call Earth's biggest fan? A planet! %%Earth Day
Why did the wind get a ticket on Earth Day? For littering... it blew trash everywhere! %%Earth Day
What's a cloud's favorite drink on Earth Day? Water, naturally! %%Earth Day
Let's all have an Earth-shattering day! %%Earth Day
Why did the cheerleader get kicked out on her last day of school? Because you can’t end on a prep position. %%Last Day of School
Wanna hear a poem for the last day of school? Don’t be sad that school has passed, just be glad they passed your a$$.%%Last Day of School
In old Russia, before USSR a small child comes home from the last day of school and holding his grade sheet yells to his revolutionary father, “Father! You know how you always say how bad our schooling system is? Now I have proof of it!” %%Last Day of School
Why was the cross-eyed teacher fired on the last day of school? She lost control of her pupils. %%Last Day of School
Dad on the last day of school: So, where’s your school report, my boy?
Tom: Sorry, I’ll bring it a day later. Dad: Why? Tom: I loaned it to Kevin because he wanted to scare his parents. %%Last Day of School
What did the student say when his teacher asked him to pay a little attention on the last day of school? “But I’m paying as little attention as I can!” %%Last Day of School
What do lobsters do on the last day of school? They shellabrate! %%Last Day of School
Mother: How did you find the school on the last day today? Daughter: I just got off the bus and there it was! %%Last Day of School
Why was the obtuse angle so upset on the last day of school? Because he wasn’t right all year. %%Last Day of School
